Season 1
	Title: Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
	Summary: Christmas is nearly ruined when Marge has to spend all of the family's gift money to remove Bart's tattoo. Homer becomes a department store Santa to raise more cash (after Mr. Burns announces that Christmas bonuses have been cut for all semi-skilled workers), but blows it all at the dog racetrack.
	Top Words: ['santa', 'christmas', 'ho ho', 'ho ho ho', 'ho']

	Title: Bart the Genius
	Summary: Bart cheats on an intelligence test and is mistaken for a child genius. In order to offer him more stimulation, Marge and Homer enroll him in a school for gifted students where he is immediately made to feel like the mediocre student he is.
	Top Words: ['id', 'genius', 'dumb kid', 'passengers', 'dumb']

	Title: Homer's Odyssey
	Summary: Homer gets fired from the nuclear plant after causing a minor accident. When he can't find a second job, Homer runs away to commit suicide, but ends up saving his family from almost getting hit by a truck. The rescue revitalizes Homer's will to live and he becomes a public safety advocate.
	Top Words: ['da da', 'da da da', 'da', 'nuclear energy', 'energy']

	Title: There's No Disgrace Like Home
	Summary: After the family embarrasses him at a company picnic, Homer becomes convinced that something is wrong with them and he sets out to fix his family.
	Top Words: ['monroe', 'dr marvin', 'dr marvin monroe', 'marvin monroe', 'marvin']

	Title: Bart the General
	Summary: After defending Lisa from school bully Nelson Muntz, Bart becomes Nelson's latest target. Sick of the harassment and torment, Bart, Grampa Simpson, and Herman (a slightly deranged military antique store dealer with a missing arm) rally the town's children into fighting back against Nelson and his cronies.
	Top Words: ['heh', 'heh heh', 'bully', 'cupcakes', 'nelson']

	Title: Moaning Lisa
	Summary: When Lisa becomes depressed about life, she runs away and meets a jazz player named Bleeding Gums Murphy. Meanwhile, Homer tries to defeat Bart in a two-player boxing video game.
	Top Words: ['jacques', 'strap', 'sad', 'lisa lisa', 'smiling']

	Title: The Call of the Simpsons
	Summary: Homer buys an RV and takes the family camping, but end up lost in the forest after the RV goes over a cliff.
	Top Words: ['grizzlies', 'bigfoot', 'bears', 'behemoth', 've murdered']

	Title: The Telltale Head
	Summary: While facing an angry mob, Bart tells the story of how he stole the head off the statue of town founder, Jebediah Springfield, in order to impress local thug, Jimbo Jones, and his friends, Dolph and Kearney.
	Top Words: ['jebediah', 'statue', 'sunday', 'sunday school', 'allright']

	Title: Life on the Fast Lane
	Summary: Homer thoughtlessly buys Marge a bowling ball for her birthday, prompting her to take up bowling lessons out of spite. While struggling to bowl, Marge meets a suave, Frenchman named Jacques who teaches her the proper way to bowl - and may be trying to seduce her.
	Top Words: ['ball', 'jacques', 'birthday', 'bowling', 'pins']

	Title: Homer's Night Out
	Summary: Using his toy spy camera, Bart captures Homer drunkenly dancing with a stripper named Princess Kashmir and Xeroxes copies of the picture all over town - which gets Homer in trouble with Marge, not because he hung out with a stripper, but because Bart may see it as a sign that it's okay to treat women like sex objects.
	Top Words: ['spy', 'eugene', 'camera', 'love million', 'porch light']

	Title: The Crepes of Wrath
	Summary: Bart is sent to France as a foreign exchange student and is forced to live with two slave-driving French winemakers. In his place, the Simpson family takes in Adil, a student from Albania, who's actually a spy stealing the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant's secrets.
	Top Words: ['like play', 'play like', 'france', 'county', 'la']

	Title: Krusty Gets Busted
	Summary: With the help of eyewitness Homer Simpson, Krusty the Clown gets busted for robbing the Kwik-E-Mart. Convinced that his hero is wrongly accused, Bart, with Lisa's help, takes the case in order to find out who framed Krusty.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'sideshow bob', 'sideshow', 'bob', 'cannon']

	Title: Some Enchanted Evening
	Summary: Homer and Marge enjoy a night out on the town. Meanwhile, at home, the kids deal with a diabolical babysitter.
	Top Words: ['ba ba ba', 'ba ba', 'ba', 'baby sitter', 'sitter']



Season 2
	Title: Bart Gets an F
	Summary: Due to his constant underachieving in school, Bart is faced with the possibility of flunking the 4th grade.
	Top Words: ['blah', 'blah blah', 'got minus', 'study', 'martin']

	Title: Simpson and Delilah
	Summary: After using a miracle hair-restoration product, Homer becomes a new and successful man with a full head of hair.
	Top Words: ['karl', '1000', 'hair', 'tartar sauce', 'tartar']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror
	Summary: In the backyard treehouse on Halloween, Bart and Lisa try to frighten each other by telling three scary stories. Bad Dream House The family moves into a new house and eerie things begin to happen. Hungry Are The Damned The Simpsons are abducted by aliens, Kang and Kodos, who seem to have plans on eating the family. The Raven Lisa reads the classic Edgar Allan Poe poem.
	Top Words: ['raven', 'thy', 'chamber', 'quoth', 'quoth raven']

	Title: Two Cars in Every Garage and Three Eyes on Every Fish
	Summary: When the nuclear power plant fails a safety inspection, Mr. Burns runs for governor in an attempt to change the laws in his favor.
	Top Words: ['bailey', 'burns', 'governor', 'mary', 'fish']

	Title: Dancin' Homer
	Summary: Homer turns into a big hit with the local baseball team and their fans, when he becomes the team mascot.
	Top Words: ['capital city', 'capital', 'city', 'red hots', 'hots']

	Title: Dead Putting Society
	Summary: Bart and neighbor, Todd Flanders, are forced by their fathers, to compete against each other in a putt-putt golf tournament.
	Top Words: ['mow', 'flanders', 'mow lawn', 'todd', '19']

	Title: Bart vs. Thanksgiving
	Summary: The Simpson family Thanksgiving is ruined, after Bart feels has been wrongly punished, and decides to run away.
	Top Words: ['centerpiece', 'glue', 'thanksgiving', 'turkey', 'apologize']

	Title: Bart the Daredevil
	Summary: After he sees a daredevil perform at a monster truck rally, Barts new dream is to become a daredevil himself.
	Top Words: ['saurus', 'gorge', 'springfield gorge', 'truck', 'daredevil']

	Title: Itchy & Scratchy & Marge
	Summary: Marge is fed up with the all the violence on The Itchy & Scratchy Show and decides to do something about it.
	Top Words: ['cartoons', 'itchy', 'scratchy', 'violence', 'itchy scratchy']

	Title: Bart Gets Hit by a Car
	Summary: Homer and Bart seek a large cash settlement from Mr. Burns, after he hits Bart with his car.
	Top Words: ['settlement', 'cash settlement', 'hutz', 'million', 'big cash']

	Title: One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish
	Summary: Homer has only twenty-four hours to live, after he consumes a poison puffer fish at a sushi restaurant.
	Top Words: ['begat', 'seymour butts', 'sushi', 'butts', 'wanna']

	Title: The Way We Was
	Summary: When the television breaks, the kids gather around, as Homer and Marge share the story of how they met back in high school.
	Top Words: ['prom', 'artie', 'bien', 'date', 'mcbain']

	Title: Homer vs. Lisa and the Eighth Commandment
	Summary: Lisa fears that the family might go to Hell, when Homer gets an illegal, free cable TV hookup. Then she makes a stand by refusing to watch it causing problems throughout the family.
	Top Words: ['cable', 'fight', 'thou shalt', 'stealing', 'shalt']

	Title: Principal Charming
	Summary: Marge's sister Selma seeks a husband, so Marge orders Homer to help in finding one. Things go wrong though, when Homer invites Principal Skinner over for dinner and Skinner instead falls for Selma's twin sister Patty.
	Top Words: ['selma', 'patty', 'bbq', 'homer sexual', 'skinner']

	Title: Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?
	Summary: Homer discovers that he has a long lost half-brother, who happens to be the wealthy head of Powell Motors in Detroit, Michigan.
	Top Words: ['herb', 'herbert', 'powell', 'brother', 'bastard']

	Title: Bart's Dog Gets an F
	Summary: When the family dog, Santas Little Helper, begins acting up in the Simpson home, he is forced to go to dog obedience school.
	Top Words: ['dog', 'quilt', 'mumps', 'sit', '125']

	Title: Old Money
	Summary: Grampa Simpson is put in a predicament, after his new girlfriend at the Retirement Castle passes away and leaves him with $106,000.
	Top Words: ['bea', 'grampa', '36', '106', 'simmons']

	Title: Brush With Greatness
	Summary: Lisa helps Marge rekindle her passion for painting, after the family discovers some of her old artwork up in the attic. Meanwhile, Homer is determined to lose weight after becoming stuck in a water slide at an amusement park.
	Top Words: ['splashmore', 'mt', 'ringo', 'art', 'portrait']

	Title: Lisa's Substitute
	Summary: With Miss Hoover out sick, an influential substitute teacher takes over for Lisas class. Meanwhile, Bart runs for class president against Martin Prince.
	Top Words: ['bergstrom', 'mr bergstrom', 'baboon', 'asbestos', 'disease']

	Title: The War of the Simpsons
	Summary: After Homer gets drunk and embarrasses Marge in front of their friends at a party, she signs them up for a church sponsored marriage retreat at Catfish Lake. Meanwhile, Grampa is left in charge of the kids.
	Top Words: ['sherman', 'marriage', 'catfish', 'fishing', 'general']

	Title: Three Men and a Comic Book
	Summary: When Bart catches a glimpse of the original issue of Radioactive Man for sale at a comic book convention, he sets out to own the vintage comic book by any means necessary.
	Top Words: ['comic', 'radioactive man', 'radioactive', 'fallout boy', 'comic book']

	Title: Blood Feud
	Summary: Mr. Burns is at death's door and needs a blood transfusion from a donor that has the same very rare blood type that he does. Homer discovers that Bart has the same rare blood type and he sets his sights on receiving a large monetary gift from Mr. Burns, as a thank-you for Bart's blood. Things become interesting when the only thing the Simpson family receives is a simple thank-you card from Mr. Burns.
	Top Words: ['blood', 'burns', 'mike rotch', 'rotch', 'letter']



Season 3
	Title: Stark Raving Dad
	Summary: After a misunderstanding at work, Homer is committed to a mental institution, where he meets an interesting man claiming to be Michael Jackson. Meanwhile, Lisas birthday is fast approaching and a reluctant Bart is forced with the task of getting Lisa a birthday present.
	Top Words: ['michaeljackson', 'pink', 'tsk', 'michael', 'crazy house']

	Title: Mr. Lisa Goes to Washington
	Summary: Lisa enters a nationwide patriotism themed essay contest, and the Simpson family heads off to Washington D.C. for an all expenses paid trip, when Lisa qualifies for the essay contest finals to be held at the Kennedy Center.
	Top Words: ['essay', 'congressman', 'cesspool', 'mr lincoln', 'shoe']

	Title: When Flanders Failed
	Summary: While hosting a backyard barbecue, Ned Flanders announces that he is going to open The Leftorium, a new store in the mall that will cater to the needs of left-handers in Springfield. Homer scoffs at the idea, secretly wishing for Ned to fail, and to his delight, his wish starts to come true.
	Top Words: ['left handed', 'handed', 'flanders', 'karate', 'heh']

	Title: Bart the Murderer
	Summary: Bart's bad day suddenly changes when he gets a job working for Fat Tony. Mysteriously, Principal Skinner goes missing. Bart and his new friends are the main suspects.
	Top Words: ['skinner', 'fat tony', 'principal skinner', 'principal', 'badge']

	Title: Homer Defined
	Summary: Homer inadvertently saves the nuclear power plant from a meltdown and becomes an unlikely hero. Meanwhile, Milhouse's mother forbids him from hanging out with Bart.
	Top Words: ['meltdown', 'eeny', 'eeny meeny', 'meeny', 'milhouse']

	Title: Like Father Like Clown
	Summary: Bart and Lisa team up to try and reunite Krusty the Clown with his estranged Rabbi father.
	Top Words: ['rabbi', 'krusty', 'krustofski', 'herschel', 'clown']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror II
	Summary: After eating piles and piles of Halloween candy, Bart, Lisa and Homer have nightmares that haunt them all night. The Monkey's Paw Lisa dreams that the family goes on a trip to Morocco and buys a cursed monkey paw that grants its owner four wishes. By wishing for world peace, Lisa accidentally paves the way for an alien invasion by Kang and Kodos, who enslave the human race. The Bart Zone Bart's dream, in which he has the power to read minds and affect a person with his thoughts, which seems like a wonderful dream for him at first. But eventually, he realizes he has used his powers for evil and repents. If I Only Had A Brain Homer dreams that Mr. Burns steals his brain for a giant robot he's building. Due to an accident, Mr. Smithers is forced to sew Mr. Burns' head onto Homer's body. Then he wakes up. It was all a dream, or was it? When he looks in the mirror, Burns' head is still attached to his.
	Top Words: ['paw', 'aahh', 'smithers', 'ray specs', 'peace earth']

	Title: Lisa's Pony
	Summary: Homer is entrusted with an important task for Lisa, and when he doesn't come through for her, she is crushed. To try and buy Lisa's love back he gets her a pony, but consequences arise, as Homer is forced to work a second job to pay for the pony.
	Top Words: ['pony', 'reed', 'buy pony', 'quick fix', 'half million dollars']

	Title: Saturdays of Thunder
	Summary: Bart becomes deeply immersed in competitive soapbox racing while Homer begins to realize that he's not as good a father as he thought. After attending a lecture at National Fatherhood Institute, Homer becomes a more attentive father, helping Bart build the ultimate soapbox racer. But Bart decides not to use it in his big race against Nelson Muntz, instead opting to borrow Martin Prince's scientifically engineered aerodynamic racer.
	Top Words: ['na', 'na na', 'na na na', 'derby', 'beck']

	Title: Flaming Moe's
	Summary: Homer invents a bizarre drink called the Flaming Homer. It's so good that Moe steals his recipe, renames it the Flaming Moe and takes credit for inventing it. The Flaming Moe revitalizes business, turning Moe's Tavern into the hottest spot in Springfield, and causing Homer's and Moe's relationship to splinter.
	Top Words: ['moe moe moe', 'moe moe', 'moe', 'flaming', 'flaming moe']

	Title: Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk
	Summary: Mr. Burns sells the nuclear power plant for $100 million to a group of Germans and then retires. Homer has troubles under the new regime and Mr. Burns starts second-guessing his decision to retire.
	Top Words: ['germans', 'la la', 'la la la', 'stock', 'la']

	Title: I Married Marge
	Summary: While Marge pays a visit to the hospital on a pregnancy scare, Homer gathers the kids around and tells them how he and Marge met and fell in love.
	Top Words: ['ariel', 'kool', 'ring', 'champale', 'homer marge holy']

	Title: Radio Bart
	Summary: On his birthday, Bart receives a "Superstar Celebrity" microphone that transmits sound to an AM radio. Bart decides to use the device to play a prank on the town and places the radio deep inside a well, using the microphone to pose as Timmy O'Toole. But later, when Bart gets stuck in the well himself, the town decides to leave him there as punishment for playing the prank.
	Top Words: ['timmy', 'birthday', 'convoy', 'mmm chocolate', 'funky']

	Title: Lisa the Greek
	Summary: Homer discovers that Lisa has the uncanny ability of correctly picking the winners of pro football games 100% of the time and uses this knowledge to make some money by placing wagers on the games.
	Top Words: ['cincinnati', 'denver', 'dolphins', 'football', 'washington']

	Title: Homer Alone
	Summary: Marge has a nervous breakdown from being overworked and under appreciated at home and takes a vacation of her own at the Rancho Relaxo resort, leaving Homer and the kids to fend for themselves and experience the rigors of life without Marge.
	Top Words: ['maggie', 'dee dee', 'dee', 'dee dee dee', 'nyah']

	Title: Bart the Lover
	Summary: Bart has a little fun at Mrs. Krabappel's expense and replies to her personal ad as a man named Woodrow. Meanwhile, Homer vows to stop swearing.
	Top Words: ['zinc', 'yo', 'doghouse', 'yos', 'edna']

	Title: Homer at the Bat
	Summary: The Springfield Nuclear Power Plant's softball team goes on a season long winning streak thanks to Homer's "Wunderbat." But with the pennant and a $1 million bet on the line Mr. Burns brings in 9 ringers from the professional baseball ranks and a disappointed Homer has to sit the bench.
	Top Words: ['softball', 'strawberry', 'scioscia', 'bat', 'sax']

	Title: Separate Vocations
	Summary: After taking career aptitude tests, Lisa discovers that the occupation she's best suited for is homemaker, while Bart is pegged as a future police officer. Each takes the opportunity to explore their options as Lisa spends the day doing chores at home with Marge and Bart goes on a ride along with the police. Lisa hates her role and rebels by becoming a troublemaker at school, but police life fits Bart like a glove and he becomes a hall monitor.
	Top Words: ['analyst', 'blue ocean', 'systems', 'ocean', 'police']

	Title: Dog of Death
	Summary: The family is forced to scrimp, save and cut back in order to a pay for Santa's Little Helper's life-saving surgery.
	Top Words: ['lottery', 'dog', 'doggie', 'santa little helper', 'santa little']

	Title: Colonel Homer
	Summary: Homer discovers a beautiful country music star in the making and becomes her manager, which raises concerns for Marge about his fidelity.
	Top Words: ['lurleen', 'bunk tonight', 'bunk', 'fudd', 'tonight']

	Title: Black Widower
	Summary: Selma decides to marry her prison pen-pal, Sideshow Bob. When he gets out of prison, he convinces the Simpson family that he has changed for the better, but Bart remains skeptical and is determined to find out what Sideshow Bob is really up to.
	Top Words: ['macgyver', 'selma', 'bob', 'sideshow bob', 'aunt selma']

	Title: The Otto Show
	Summary: Bart invites Otto the school bus driver to stay at his house when Otto loses his job after it is discovered that he doesn't have a driver's license.
	Top Words: ['tap', 'spinal tap', 'otto', 'spinal', 'sponge']

	Title: Bart's Friend Falls in Love
	Summary: Bart gets jealous and decides to do something about it, when he discovers that Milhouse has a girlfriend and suddenly doesn't have as much time for him any more. Meanwhile Lisa worries about Homer's weight and convinces Marge to order some subliminal weight loss tapes, instead Homer's vocabulary improves dramatically when subliminal vocabulary tapes are mislabeled and sent on accident.
	Top Words: ['milhouse', 'fluffy', 'weight', 'weight loss', 'lose weight']

	Title: Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?
	Summary: Homer's half-brother Herb Powell returns. After Homer wrecked his car company, Herb now lives as a bum, but with a little help from Maggie, and financial support from Homer, he thinks he has come up with an invention that will put him back on top.
	Top Words: ['herb', 'couch', 'idea', 'chair', '000']



Season 4
	Title: Kamp Krusty
	Summary: Bart and Lisa excitedly head off to Kamp Krusty for the summer, but soon find out that the camp isn't all it's cracked up to be.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'kamp', 'kamp krusty', 'camp', 'gruel']

	Title: A Streetcar Named Marge
	Summary: Marge gets a taste of the acting bug and decides to volunteer at the Springfield Community Center. She is cast as Blanche DuBois in a musical version of A Streetcar Named Desire directed by the flamboyant Llewellyn Sinclair. Meanwhile, Maggie squares off with her strict new daycare provider.
	Top Words: ['blanche', 'stella', 'stanley', 'new orleans', 'orleans']

	Title: Homer the Heretic
	Summary: Homer skips church one cold Sunday morning and after he realizes the freedom he can obtain from having the house all to himself, he decides to stop going to church altogether despite Marge's disapproval.
	Top Words: ['church', 'la la la', 'la la', 'la', 'sunday']

	Title: Lisa the Beauty Queen
	Summary: Homer tries to boost Lisa's confidence by entering her into a beauty pageant. By default, Lisa earns the crown and she uses her new platform to inundate Springfield with public service announcements.
	Top Words: ['miss springfield', 'little miss', 'pageant', 'amber', 'miss']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror III
	Summary: In this year's scarifying special, the Simpsons gather for a Halloween party and exchange ghost stories. Clown Without Pity Lisa tells the tale of how Homer purchases a Krusty doll for Bart's birthday. Homer's life is quickly in danger though, when the possessed doll goes on a mission to hug him. King Homer Grampa spins a Simponsized version of King Kong, with Homer cast as the title ape, Marge as King Kong's object of affection and Mr. Burns as the millionaire entrepreneur trying to capture King Kong and make a profit from him. Dial "Z" for Zombies Finally, Bart tells a story in which he casts a spell from a book of witchcraft and accidentally brings Springfield's dead to life. The only thing that can send them back to their graves is the right spell.
	Top Words: ['zombies', 'sinister laugh', 'brains', 'zombie', 'arr arr']

	Title: Itchy & Scratchy: The Movie
	Summary: In order to curb Bart's constant misbehavior Homer and Marge come up with the ultimate punishment; they ban him from going to see the newly released Itchy & Scratchy movie.
	Top Words: ['itchy', 'scratchy', 'itchy scratchy', 'movie', 'punish']

	Title: Marge Gets a Job
	Summary: When the house needs expensive repairs, Marge is forced to get a job to help make ends meet. She is hired in at the nuclear power plant and quickly becomes the apple of Mr. Burns' eye. Meanwhile, Bart tries his darnedest to get out of taking a test at school.
	Top Words: ['wolf', 'tom jones', 'foundation', 'jones', 'patching']

	Title: The New Kid on the Block
	Summary: Bart falls hard for his new next door neighbor, young teenager, Laura Powers. But try as he might, Bart can't get Laura to take interest in him romantically and is heartbroken when he finds out that Laura is interested in Jimbo Jones.
	Top Words: ['laura', 'ivana', 'jimbo', 'tinkle', 'ivana tinkle']

	Title: Mr. Plow
	Summary: At the local auto show, Homer is pressured into buying a snow plow truck and he starts up a surprisingly successful business as "Mr. Plow." Things go well for Homer until Barney starts his own slow plow business and steals all of Homer's customers.
	Top Words: ['plow', 'mr plow', 'plow king', 'driveway', 'driveways']

	Title: Lisa's First Word
	Summary: As the family gathers around Maggie and tries to encourage her to say her first word, Marge reminisces and tells the story of Lisa's first word.
	Top Words: ['crib', 'daddy homer', 'burger', 'baby sleeps', 'crazed laughter']

	Title: Homer's Triple Bypass
	Summary: Homer is diagnosed with clogged arteries and needs a triple bypass heart surgery. But the $40,000 price tag on the operation forces Homer to turn to Dr. Nick as a cheap alternative.
	Top Words: ['goes bed', 'operation', '40 000', 'heart', 'coronary']

	Title: Marge vs. the Monorail
	Summary: Springfield holds a town meeting to decide what to do with the $3 million fine Mr. Burns was forced to pay for illegally dumping toxic waste. Despite Marge's opposition, a sly salesman, Lyle Lanley, convinces the town to build a monorail transportation system.
	Top Words: ['monorail', 'lanley', 'main street', 'monorail monorail', 'north haverbrook']

	Title: Selma's Choice
	Summary: Selma decides to test her maternal instincts before having kids of her own and she takes Bart and Lisa to Duff Gardens to try out her parenting skills.
	Top Words: ['gardens', 'gladys', 'duff', 'aunt', 'singing']

	Title: Brother From the Same Planet
	Summary: Bart, fed up with Homer's neglect, joins the Big Brother program posing as an abandoned child so he can hang out with a better father figure. Homer finds out about Bart's cool, new friend, Tom, and exacts his revenge by donating his time as a big brother to a real orphan named Pepi.
	Top Words: ['bart bart bart', 'bart bart', 'corey', 'pick bart', 'fink']

	Title: I Love Lisa
	Summary: On Valentine's Day Lisa takes pity on Ralph and gives him a valentine when she sees that he hasn't received any. But Ralph looks too much into Lisa's gesture and, much to Lisa's dismay, relentlessly pursues her.
	Top Words: ['ralph', 'valentine', 'marty', 'george', 'george washington']

	Title: Duffless
	Summary: Lisa conducts a secret experiment for the Springfield Elementary School science fair to see who's smarter, Bart or a hamster. Meanwhile, Homer is forced to swear off beer after being arrested on a D.U.I.
	Top Words: ['duff', 'chugalug', 'beer', 'ow', 'hamster']

	Title: Last Exit to Springfield
	Summary: Homer finds himself filling in for the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant's union leader when it comes time to negotiate their new contract with Mr. Burns. Homer is a tough negotiator, despite not knowing the first thing about union organizing, and forces Burns to accept the union's demands on the condition that Homer be removed as leader.
	Top Words: ['dental plan', 'dental', 'braces', 'lisa needs', 'plan']

	Title: So It's Come to This: A Simpsons Clip Show
	Summary: Bart's April Fools' prank backfires and lands Homer in the hospital in a coma. At Homer's bedside, The Simpson family reminisces about all of the good times they've had over the years. A half-hour of precious screen time is filled with clips you've seen before and Homer eventually emerges from his coma.
	Top Words: ['oh oh oh', 'oh oh', 'april', 'april fools', 'har']

	Title: The Front
	Summary: Convinced they can write better Itchy & Scratchy scripts than the writers who currently work on the cartoon, Bart and Lisa set out to write their own shows. Their scripts are rejected by Roger Meyers, the show's producer, until Bart and Lisa use Grandpa's name as their pseudonym. As "Abraham Simpson," the kids are hired to write for the show and eventually win an Emmy award for their work. At the awards, Grandpa accepts his Emmy from Brooke Shields, but goes up to the podium and makes a rambling, anti-cartoon speech that gets him fired.
	Top Words: ['hee', 'hee hee', 'abraham simpson', 'cartoon', 'abraham']

	Title: Whacking Day
	Summary: Everyone in Springfield is excited for Whacking Day, but as the holiday approaches, Lisa condemns it as unhappy. Whacking Day is a decade-long tradition which calls for the townspeople to beat snakes to death with sticks. Lisa decides to save the snakes with the help of Whacking Day's honorary MC, Barry White, who uses his sonorous bass vocal style to lure the snakes to safety, where no one can whack them.
	Top Words: ['whacking', 'snakes', 'whack', 'bikes', 'superintendent']

	Title: Marge in Chains
	Summary: Marge gets busted for shoplifting at the Kwik-E-Mart and is sentenced to thirty days in prison. Bart concocts a brilliant scheme to break her out that involves a party dress, a wig and a crowbar. But what finally springs Marge is the rioting townspeople of Springfield, who desperately need the inmate's patented marshmallow squares for the Springfield Park Commission's annual bake sale.
	Top Words: ['marge simpson', 'lobo', 'hutz', 'morphine', 'mr hutz']

	Title: Krusty Gets Kancelled
	Summary: Krusty is out of a job, when a new show featuring ventriloquist Arthur Crandall and his dummy, Gabbo, hits the airwaves and shrinks Krusty's television ratings.
	Top Words: ['gabbo', 'krusty', 'yi', 'yi yi', 'yi yi yi']



Season 5
	Title: Homer's Barbershop Quartet
	Summary: After Bart and Lisa find one of his old records, Homer recalls his days as a member of a Beatles-esque barbershop quartet, told via flashbacks.
	Top Words: ['sharps', 'coney', 'coney island', 'barney', 'homer voice']

	Title: Cape Feare
	Summary: After Bart starts receiving death threats from his nemesis Sideshow Bob, the Simpsons enter the Witness Relocation Program and move to a "Cape Fear"-esque town several miles away.
	Top Words: ['sideshow bob', 'bob', 'sideshow', 'grumbles grumbles', 'grumbles']

	Title: Homer Goes to College
	Summary: After learning that Homer is seriously underqualified for his own job, Mr. Burns enrolls him at Springfield University. While there, he befriends three nerds and accidentally gets them expelled.
	Top Words: ['dean', 'college', 'nerds', 'ni', 'curly']

	Title: Rosebud
	Summary: Yearning for his lost youth and innocence, Mr. Burns searches for his beloved childhood teddy bear, Bobo. When Maggie comes across the bear, she claims it as her own. Mr. Burns tries to get his Bobo back by any means necessary.
	Top Words: ['bobo', 'bear', 'burns', 'blah', 'lobo']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror IV
	Summary: With a Night Gallery style opening, Bart introduces three tales. The Devil and Homer Simpson Homer falls asleep, while Carl and Lenny eat all the doughnuts. When he realizes that all the nearest doughnuts are gone, he sells his soul for a doughnut. The devil comes up and signs a contract with him, causing more mischief than Homer thought. His family saves him from an eternity of damnation by a fair trial. Terror at 5 1/2 Feet Bart dreams about his death on the schoolbus, and later realizes, that his dream is starting to become real when he is the only one to see a gremlin taking down the bus piece by piece. Nobody sees it except for him, so he tries to get it off. Bart Simpson's Dracula Mr. Burns is a vampire and Bart falls victim to his bite, Lisa convinces the rest of the family they must go to his castle and put an end to the curse.
	Top Words: ['vampire', 'doughnut', 'bus', 'horn blaring', 'soul']

	Title: Marge on the Lam
	Summary: Homer has to cancel his plans with Marge because he got his arms stuck in two vending machines, so Marge goes out with their neighboor Ruth. It turns out, Ruth is somewhat of a wanted criminal. In a Thelma and Louise style story, Marge and Ruth are being chased by Chief Wiggum and Homer. All the while, Lionel Hutz is left to babysit the children.
	Top Words: ['ballet', 'ruth', 'hutz', 'chasm', 'ruth powers']

	Title: Bart's Inner Child
	Summary: Homer sees an ad in the paper for a trampoline and he goes to Krusty's and picks it up. The kids love it and he charges the neighbors to use it. When all the children get injured on it, Marge makes him get rid of it. He pushes it off a cliff, a la Wile E. Coyote. Homer and Marge have an argument in which he says that Marge is no fun. With this realization, she gets very angry and goes to her sisters' house. Patty and Selma show her a self-help video. When Marge starts looking at the self-help information starring Brad Goodman with Homer their relationship improves. They go to a seminar with the kids. Bart acts out while there and the lecturer brings him on stage. The guru tells the town that Bart is the "inner child" that they should all strive to be. Lisa of course is skeptical, thinking that the guru is just selling easy answers, but the town is buying it. So much so, they hold a "do what you feel" festival. It breaks out into a riot when everybody starts to act irresponsibly and the "be like Bart" era comes to an end. We end with the Simpsons watching the newest episode of "MacArnagle" together.
	Top Words: ['trampoline', 'goodman', 'brad', 'nagging', 'like boy']

	Title: Boy-Scoutz 'n the Hood
	Summary: Bart and Milhouse find $20 which they use to go on a Squishee bender in downtown Springfield. With no memories of what accured, Bart is shocked to find out he joined the Junior Campers. Now a full fledged member, he must attend the father son rafting trip with Homer.
	Top Words: ['campers', 'ehh', 'knife', 'didilly', 'dodilly']

	Title: The Last Temptation of Homer
	Summary: A female employee is hired at the plant. She has an attraction for Homer and Homer must fight his equal attraction for her. In the mean time, Bart becomes an outcast and makes friends with a group of nerds after he is prescribed glasses, scalp salve, special shoes, and throat spray which changes his voice.
	Top Words: ['mindy', 'unsexy', 'think unsexy', 'think unsexy thoughts', 'unsexy thoughts']

	Title: $pringfield (Or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Legalized Gambling)
	Summary: During a town meeting, Principal Skinner pitches the idea of opening a casino. Mr. Burns adopts this notion and builds the "Mr. Burns' Casino." Homer takes a job as a blackjack dealer and Marge takes up gambling. At home, Lisa is having difficulties with her school project and Bart opens a treehouse casino.
	Top Words: ['casino', 'blah', 'blah blah', 'blah blah blah', 'gambling']

	Title: Homer the Vigilante
	Summary: A cat burglar robs everyone on Evergreen Terrace, including Lisa. Homer gives Lisa a jug to replace her sax. When she is unsatisfied with the jug, he vows to get it back for her. The police are far too incompetent to get anywhere, so Flanders starts a neighborhood watch. Homer becomes the leader and lets the power go to his head. They beat unruly people with sacks of doorknobs and commit other crimes. The burglar steals a jewel from the museum, from under Homer's watch. Abe figures out it was his neighbor, Mulloy. Upon his arrest, Mulloy charms everyone. Homer mocks him in his cell and Mulloy tells everyone that he hid a large sum of money underneath a tree. They all rush to the location and dig for it, finding nothing. Mulloy uses this time to escape from prison.
	Top Words: ['burglar', 'malloy', 'saxophone', 'cat', 'chug']

	Title: Bart Gets Famous
	Summary: After Bart sneaks away from a field trip to the box factory, he finds himself working as Krusty's assistant. Krusty lets Bart act out a scene on one of his gags, but Bart messes up the line and says, "I didn't do it." The phrase is an instant success and leads Bart to his fifteen minutes of fame.
	Top Words: ['boxes', 'danish', 'box', 'ay', 'factory']

	Title: Homer and Apu
	Summary: Apu loses his job at the Kwik-E-Mart after he sells Homer tanted meat. Homer feels bad and lets Apu live at the Simpson's home while he is unemployed. In an attempt to get his job back, Apu and Homer travel to India to talk with the head of the Kwik-E-Mart corporation. Back in Springfield, James Woods fills in Apu's position.
	Top Words: ['mart', 'kwik mart', 'kwik', 'apu', 'ee']

	Title: Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy
	Summary: Grampa realizes that he is no spring chicken and he gives the family their inheritance before he dies. They immediately go to the mall to spend it. Lisa uses her portion to buy a talking Malibu Stacy doll, but when she pulls the string, she is very disappointed in what it says. It spouts nothing but sexist remarks. Lisa goes to complain to the Malibu Stacy company executives, but it doesn't work. She finds out from Mr. Smithers where she can find the creator of Malibu Stacy. She meets with her and together they decide to create a feminist doll: Lisa Lionheart. In the mean time, Grampa decides to recapture his youth, so he gets a job at a fast food restaurant.
	Top Words: ['stacy', 'malibu stacy', 'malibu', 'rock rock', 'doll']

	Title: Deep Space Homer
	Summary: At the plant, Homer never gets to be employee of the month; they even choose an inanimate carbon rod over him. At NASA the ratings are down, so they begin a campaign to recruit an everyday loser for the next pointless mission. Naturally, Homer and Barney are among the finalists. The family gets to go to Florida while they train. Barney is kicking Homer's butt, but alcoholism ends his quest. Homer gets really nervous about the mission. He will go with two former astronauts, so he can't screw up like he always does, right? Nope! He brings potato chips into space and wreaks havoc on the mission. James Taylor comes up with a plan to save them, but Homer screws up again. An inanimate carbon rod finally saves them for their reentry. Homer once again fails to get any recognition, because a rod takes the spotlight.
	Top Words: ['shouting', 'ants', 'space', 'astronaut', 'spacecraft']

	Title: Homer Loves Flanders
	Summary: Homer reluctantly goes to a football game with Ned. After Ned shows Homer a good time, they become close friends. Little to Homer's realization, Ned actually starts to have negative feelings toward him.
	Top Words: ['ned', 'flanders', 'tickets', 'ned flanders', 'na na']

	Title: Bart Gets an Elephant
	Summary: Bart wins a radio contest which allows him to choose between two prizes: $10,000 or an elephant. Bart picks the elephant and names him Stampy. Homer and Marge decide to give the elephant away because he cost to much to feed, so Bart and Stampy run away together.
	Top Words: ['stampy', 'elephant', 'ivory', 'trumpets', 'deejay']

	Title: Burns' Heir
	Summary: Mr. Burns watches as Homer cleans the plant as a human chimney sweep. Later Burns nearly drowns in his bathtub when Smithers neglects him. He makes the realization that he has no heir. Smithers would like Burns to consider him, but Burns has other ideas. He announces before a movie that he will hold auditions for his heir. All of Springfield's children show up, but Burns hates all of them. Bart's audition goes terribly when Homer writes down his speech on index cards. (Homer is so dumb in this episode that he cannot even form grammatical sentences.) Bart comes back at night and vandalizes his mansion. Burns is impressed with Bart's destructive side, so he makes him his heir. Burns is still all alone, so Bart agrees to come and stay with him. Burns likes Bart a lot, but Bart thinks Burns is creepy. When Bart returns home, he is bored and he goes back to Burns. Burns tries to trick Bart into thinking that his real family no longer loves him. He does this by hiring famous actors to play his family, but Bart has trouble keeping friends and is lonely. At the plant Burns fires people for kicks and he tries to make Bart fire his father, but Bart proves his loyalty to his family and opens a trap door under Burns.
	Top Words: ['burns', 'mr burns', 'heir', 'smithers', 'vast']

	Title: Sweet Seymour Skinner's Baadasssss Song
	Summary: Superintendent Chalmers fires Principal Skinner after a disaster at the elementary and Skinner re-enlists in the Army. Bart, feeling partially responsible for Skinner's firing, helps to get his old principal his job back.
	Top Words: ['skinner', 'hiccups', 'principal', 'fired', 'seymour']

	Title: The Boy Who Knew Too Much
	Summary: We begin with Bart and Lisa heading to school. Bart is bored in class, so he forges a note from Marge to cut class and goes to see "Boobarama." Meanwhile, Skinner is trying to track him down after becoming suspicious of the note. Bart narrowly escapes his grasp by stowing away in Quimby's nephew's car. At a Quimby party, the nephew gets in an argument with a waiter. Bart witnesses the waiter clumsily injuring himself. No one else sees it, so the waiter claims Quimby's nephew assaulted him. The trial is a media event, but Bart cannot come forward or Skinner will give him detention. The jury consists of Homer, Skinner, Apu, et cetera. Homer is an incompetant juror and wants to be sequestered at the city's nicest hotel. After watching "MacArnagle," Bart decides to come forward to the Judge. Bart's testimony frees the innocent Quimby, but gets him four months of detention.
	Top Words: ['freddy', 'meow meow', 'meow meow meow', 'meow', 'quimby']

	Title: Lady Bouvier's Lover
	Summary: It is Maggie's birthday, so the whole family gathers to celebrate. Abe seems especially pathetic and lonely and Marge decides to set him up with her mother, who has the same problem. They hit it off, or so Abe thinks. Bart decides to order a souvenir from "Itchy & Scratchy," so he steals Homer's wallet but the item turns out to be a waste of $350. Abe soon falls in love. He wants to impress Marge's mother by taking her out on the town, but when he does, she falls for Mr. Burns. Abe is heartbroken. When Mr. Burns come over to the Simpsons' house to pick her up for a date we learn that Marge is against her mother's new love interest. Bart gets $350 out of Mr. Burns which he uses to pay Homer back. Mr. Burns asks for his love's hand in marriage, but when the wedding date arrives, Abe breaks up the ceremony. Marge's mother leaves with him, although she is not in love with Abe OR Mr. Burns. We get a loose, yet obvious, homage to "The Graduate", complete with a Simon & Garfunkel parody.
	Top Words: ['whoop dee', 'whoop', 'mrs bouvier', 'dee', 'love ya']

	Title: Secrets of a Successful Marriage
	Summary: Homer fears he may be a little slow, so he goes to the Adult Education Annex. While there, he decides to teach a class of his own on the secrets of a successful marriage, since that is the only thing he is good at.
	Top Words: ['class', 'heh', 'heh heh', 'pudding', 'teach class']



Season 6
	Title: Bart of Darkness
	Summary: It is really hot and the Simpson family does not have air conditioning. They try to live in a tent beside the refrigerator, but that does not work. Otto drives by with a traveling swimming pool. This gives Bart and Lisa the idea to hound Homer for a pool which they relentlessly do until he caves in and buys them one. All the kids in the neighborhood come by to use it. Bart tries to jump from his tree house into the pool, but winds up breaking his leg. He will have to spend the rest of the summer in a cast, so there will be no more swimming for him. He watches as Lisa becomes incredibly popular. Bart finds himself a new hobby by spying on the neighborhood with Lisa's telescope. While looking out the "Rear Window" of the house, Bart thinks he's seen Flanders commit a hug. He gets Lisa to break into Flanders' house and look for clues. He watches as Flanders returns home with an axe. He goes to help her, broken leg and all. Then Flanders tells them that Maude has been away at bible camp, but now she is back.
	Top Words: ['pool', 'cast', 'murdered', 'summer', 'shankar']

	Title: Lisa's Rival
	Summary: Lisa wants to practice her saxophone because she is auditioning for first chair in the school band. A new student named Allison enters her class. Allison was skipped ahead a grade by Principal Skinner. Lisa is really jealous of her and is horrified to learn that Allison is going for first chair saxophone, too. Meanwhile, Homer and Bart find an overturned truck full of sugar. Homer fills up his car with it. Lisa loses her quest for first chair and Allison becomes the new smart girl at school, making Lisa feel terrible. When Lisa tries to befriend her, it does not work. Bart helps her think of a way to beat Allison at an upcoming diorama contest. Homer guards his sugar pile in the backyard and he is completely paranoid about an Englishman trying to steal it to put it into his tea. Instead bees find his stash. Beekeepers come to get them back. When it rains, Homer's sugar pile melts into the ground. Bart and Lisa manage to sabotage Allison's project, but Lisa can't go through with it. Neither of them wins the contest anyway; first place goes to Ralph Wiggum. The three smart kids, Lisa, Allison, and Ralph, walk home together.
	Top Words: ['allison', 'sugar', 'diorama', 'bees', 'chair']

	Title: Another Simpsons Clip Show
	Summary: Through a series of clips from past episodes, the family recounts their trials and tribulations with love.
	Top Words: ['romance', 'valentine', 'jacques', 'choo', 'think unsexy']

	Title: Itchy & Scratchy Land
	Summary: The Simpson family takes a vacation to Itchy & Scratchy Land. When the robotic Itchys and Scratchys go haywire, the Simpsons must find a way to escape the island.
	Top Words: ['itchy scratchy land', 'scratchy land', 'itchy', 'itchy scratchy', 'scratchy']

	Title: Sideshow Bob Roberts
	Summary: Homer has been listening to a conservative radio talk show host. One day Sideshow Bob calls in from prison, voicing his conservative views. The host, Barlow, gets Sideshow Bob released from prison. Upon Sideshow Bob's release, the town's Republicans want him to run for mayor against Quimby. Bob outwits Quimby in every debate and wins by a huge landslide. Lisa is skeptical (as usual) about how he did it, so she investigates. Meanwhile, Homer has problems with the gang from Riverdale. Sideshow Bob imposes a few new policies. For one he condemns the Simpsons' house to help make way for the new Matlock Expressway, much to the delight of the seniors. Second, he gets Bart placed in kindergarten. Lisa discovers how Sideshow Bob won the election: he had dead people vote for him. He admits to all of this when Bart and Lisa outwit him in front of the town. Sideshow Bob goes back to prison.
	Top Words: ['bob', 'mayor', 'sideshow bob', 'quimby', 'sideshow']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror V
	Summary: The Shinning The family becomes caretakers of an estate in the mountains owned by Mr. Burns, where he cuts the cable and takes out all beer, which leads Homer to insanity. Time and Punishment Homer fixes the toaster and it becomes a time machine. While visiting the past, he kills a bug, which affects the future in a big way. When he tries to fix the timeline, he breaks it again. He ends up trying numerous times until he settles on his family eating with frog-like tongues. Nightmare Cafeteria Principal Skinner finds a solution to his overcrowding problem and the quality of meat in the cafeteria: eating the students.
	Top Words: ['fading', 'uter', 'detention', 'jimbo', 'bat']

	Title: Bart's Girlfriend
	Summary: The parents stop the kids in the middle of their game and bring them to church. Bart sees Lovejoy's daughter, Jessica and it's love at first sight for him. He tries to impress her, even by trying to become a good person, but nothing is working. So he goes back to being the devil's cabana boy and pulls a prank on Willie. This is what impresses Jessica, so she invites him over for dinner. The Lovejoys do not like him, especially after talking about last night's episode of Martin. This makes Jessica like him even more. They hang out together and behave badly, but she pretends not to know him in public. Jessica is using him, but he will do anything to please her, but it begins to depress him. He vows to quit seeing her, but he just can't help himself. Of Jessica and Bart, he is the lesser of two evils, especially when Jessica pins the blame on him after she steals the church's collection plate. The congregation chases him and Jessica won't come forward; it's up to Lisa to tell everyone that it was Jessica that stole the plate. The plate is found in Jessica's room, Jessica continues on making men do whatever she wants.
	Top Words: ['jessica', 'collection', 'church', 'come forward', 'bye bye bye']

	Title: Lisa on Ice
	Summary: Lisa is failing gym. To make up the grade, she joins a pee-wee hockey league. Soon, her team must face off against Bart's, putting them in direct competition.
	Top Words: ['kill bart kill', 'bart kill', 'kill bart', 'sports', 'kill']

	Title: Homer Badman
	Summary: Homer and Marge attend a candy convention and have to find a babysitter for the kids. After the convention, Homer gives the babysitter a ride home. He notices that there is a very rare gummy stuck to her bottom, so he reaches out and grabs it. Homer is accused of sexual harassment and the whole town is against him until Willie saves the day.
	Top Words: ['gummi', 'venus', 'candy', 'babysitter', 'grabbed']

	Title: Grandpa vs. Sexual Inadequacy
	Summary: Homer and Marge are having a troublesome sex life until Grampa introduces Homer to a home remedy love tonic. They soon go on the road together, trying to make some money off Grampa's potion. All the while, all the adults in Springfield are taking advantage of their new love lives, leaving the children thinking that UFO's are to blame.
	Top Words: ['tonic', 'screwup', 'vampires', 'sex', 'erotic']

	Title: Fear of Flying
	Summary: The family discovers Marge's fear of flying after they try to go on vacation with Homer's free airline tickets. On Lisa's advice, Marge visits a psychiatrist to get down to the bottom of her seemingly unexplainable fear.
	Top Words: ['pilot', 'therapy', 'flying', 'plane', 'fear']

	Title: Homer the Great
	Summary: Homer has trouble with a plumber and at work he begins noticing that Lenny and Carl have a lot of mysterious privileges at work. Lenny keeps giving hints that they are part of a secret. Homer follows them one night when they go to their secret meeting place. Every male in Springfield that he knows is in the place. Lenny lets it slip that they are the Stonecutters and Homer wants to be a member. He discovers that Abe is a member, which means that he can easily become a member. They initiate him with painful rituals and he is member #908. As a Stonecutter, the plumber quickly fixes the leak in his basement and he gets a new parking space at work. When they celebrate a big occasion Homer desecrates a sacred parchment. As his punishment Homer is kicked out of the club and they take his clothes. Upon stripping him, they discover a birthmark. It is shaped like their logo, which means he must be the chosen one. They begin to worship him. They let him win at card games. Soon his life becomes meaningless and too easy. Lisa recommends that he begin helping people in the community using his new authority. The Stonecutters don't like helping people, so they form a new secret society, the "No Homers". As the only Stonecutter left, he begins feeling lonely. Marge makes him realize that he is part of a more exclusive club... the Simpson family.
	Top Words: ['parchment', 'member', 'sacred', 'number', 'quaff']

	Title: And Maggie Makes Three
	Summary: The family gathers together as Homer tells the story of why there are no pictures of Maggie in the house.
	Top Words: ['pregnant', 'bowling', 'homer hi', 'job homer', 'hi homer hi']

	Title: Bart's Comet
	Summary: Principal Skinner releases a weather balloon, but Bart turns it into an anti-Skinner prank. Principal Skinner is upset, so Bart's punishment is to help him log amateur astronomy sky coordinates. Bart gets up at 4:30 AM to assist Skinner. When Skinner steps away, Bart discovers a comet. The nerds of the school, super friends, soon embrace him. When they figure out that his comet is approaching Springfield and will annihilate the town, Professor Frink comes up with a plan to intercept the comet with a missile. Unfortunately the missile misses and destroys the only bridge out of town; the people of Springfield are doomed! The Flanders family let the Simpsons in their bomb shelter. The rest of the town asks Ned if they can come in as well. When the shelter is too full, one person has to leave, so they kick Ned Flanders out. Soon they feel guilty about it, so they all leave to die with him. The comet comes through the atmosphere and breaks apart due to all of Springfield's polluted clouds.
	Top Words: ['comet', 'telescope', 'shelter', 'science', '19']

	Title: Homie the Clown
	Summary: After spotting a billboard for clown college, Homer cannot resist and upon becoming an official Krusty the Clown impersonator Homer runs into some trouble with the mob.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'clown', 'clown college', 'krusty clown', 'clown krusty']

	Title: Bart vs. Australia
	Summary: A prank call from Bart to Australia results in a $900 dollar phone bill. When Bart refuses to pay the charges, Australia indicts him for fraud and the family takes a trip to the land down under so Bart can apologize for his shenanigans.
	Top Words: ['australia', 'hemisphere', 'southern hemisphere', 'prime minister', 'australian']

	Title: Homer vs. Patty and Selma
	Summary: Homer loses all his money in pumpkin stocks and must turn to Patty and Selma for a loan. He tries his best to keep it a secret from Marge. Meanwhile, Bart is late for physical education class sign-ups and has to take a ballet class.
	Top Words: ['ballet', 'reiner', 'minus', 'sisters', 'chauffeur']

	Title: A Star is Burns
	Summary: Springfield is the least popular town in America. They have a town meeting on how to attract tourists and Marge pitches the idea for a film festival. After they accept her idea, she searches for a film critic to be the judge and Jay Sherman is her choice. He comes to Springfield and stays with the Simpson family. Mr. Burns decides to enter the festival to boost his reputation, and makes a horribly self-indulgent film. Jay Sherman fits right in with the Simpson family, but he and Homer quickly form a rivalry. After the screenings, Homer has already made up his mind he is going to vote for the dumbest video, the one by Hans Moleman. This is an injustice to Barney's film about alcoholism, which is the best of the bunch. The jury includes Jay, Homer, Krusty, Marge, and Mayor Quimby. Mr. Burns bribes Krusty and Quimby to vote for him. Homer decides to change his vote to Barney's film, so Mr. Burns loses. What does Barney win? Why beer, of course! Mr. Burns later tries (unsuccessfully) to bribe the Academy Awards.
	Top Words: ['film', 'festival', 'film festival', 'sherman', 'groin']

	Title: Lisa's Wedding
	Summary: When Lisa gets lost at a Renaissance Faire, she meets a mysterious fortune teller offers to tell her about her future by reading her cards. We flash forward to 2010 at an Eastern university where she meets an arrogant proper young English gentleman named Hugh. They fall madly in love with each other, and Hugh proposes to Lisa. Lisa brings Hugh to Springfield so that he can meet the Simpson family. Hugh spends time with Bart and Homer, and it turns out to be a nightmare. On the day of the wedding, Hugh suggests that they go back to England and leave her family out of her life. Realizing that she has fallen in love with the wrong man, Lisa gives the engagement ring back to Hugh, and the wedding is called off. The fortune teller then vanishes in a puff of smoke and Lisa meets back up with Homer, appreciating him a little more than usual.
	Top Words: ['hugh', 'wedding', 'true love', 'england', 'renaissance']

	Title: Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
	Summary: The family notices that Santa's Little Helper has been destroying the house. He soon runs away and goes back to the dog track from which he came. He finds another greyhound there and humps her in front of everyone. The family decides to bring her home. The two dogs quickly fall in love. Santa's Little Helper's bitch has 25 puppies, but 25 puppies are too much for the Simpson family. They spoil an important dinner party. The family decides to give them away, but Mr. Burns dognaps them. They wonder what he could possibly want with them. Bart and Lisa go to spy on him and see what he is doing. He plans to hug them and make them into a greyhound skin tuxedo. They try to save the puppies, but Mr. Burns catches them before they escape. Mr. Burns has one of his characteristic changes of heart and decides not to hug them. He keeps all the puppies which grow to become successful racing dogs, making him even richer.
	Top Words: ['puppies', 'vest', 'dogs', 'greyhounds', 'vest vest']

	Title: The PTA Disbands
	Summary: Bart pushes the teachers to strike. Local Springfieldians take over the teaching positions, so Bart must find a way to fix things between the teachers and Principal Skinner.
	Top Words: ['strike', 'teachers', 'paddling', 'taxes', 'pta']

	Title: Round Springfield
	Summary: Bart gets his appendix removed after swalling a jagged metal prize in his bowl of Krusy-O's. He is awarded $500. Meanwhile, "Bleeding Gums" Murphy passes away and leaves Lisa his saxaphone. To honor Murphy, Lisa must raise $500 to buy his record so that it can be played on the radio.
	Top Words: ['bleeding gums', 'gums', 'bleeding', 'murphy', 'jazz']

	Title: The Springfield Connection
	Summary: Marge has a very dangerous encounter with a criminal. The adrenaline rush inspires her to become a police officer.
	Top Words: ['cop', 'jeans', 'herman', 'police', 'garage']

	Title: Lemon of Troy
	Summary: The children of Springfield wage war on Shelbyville, after their beloved town lemon tree comes up missing. The fathers of Springfield take Ned's RV to search for their boys.
	Top Words: ['shelbyville', 'lemon', 'tree', 'numerals', 'roman numerals']

	Title: Who Shot Mr. Burns? (1)
	Summary: The entire town of Springfield is enraged at Mr. Burns after he steals oil from the school, destroys the retirement home, closes down businesses and plans to block out the sun. After the town meeting, Mr. Burns is found shot. Who was the gunman?
	Top Words: ['burns', 'oil', 'mr burns', 'puente', 'smithers']



Season 7
	Title: Who Shot Mr. Burns? (2)
	Summary: In the conclusion of the cliff-hanger which ended season six, everyone learns the identity of Mr. Burns' mysterious assailant. The culprit turns out to be the sweetest little suspect of all.
	Top Words: ['burns', 'shot', 'mr burns', 'homer simpson', 'smithers']

	Title: Radioactive Man
	Summary: A movie based on comic book character Radioactive Man is filmed in Springfield. Much to Bart's chagrin, the coveted part of the hero's sidekick, Fallout Boy, goes to not him, but to Milhouse.
	Top Words: ['fallout boy', 'fallout', 'radioactive man', 'radioactive', 'milhouse']

	Title: Home Sweet Homediddly-Dum-Doodily
	Summary: After a series of misadventures, the Simpson children are put in the custody of Ned and Maude Flanders. Learning that none of the children have been baptized, Ned sets up a baptism - which Homer and Marge thwart just in time.
	Top Words: ['lice', 'tsk', 'flanders', 'parents', 'ohh']

	Title: Bart Sells His Soul
	Summary: After perpetrating a prank on the First Church of Springfield, Bart sells his soul to Milhouse for five dollars. Bart comes to regret his decision, and goes on a desperate quest to regain his soul. In the end, he gets it back with the help of an unexpected source.
	Top Words: ['soul', 'uncle moe', 'moe', 'uncle', 'milhouse']

	Title: Lisa the Vegetarian
	Summary: After a trip to a petting zoo, Lisa finds herself unable to eat lamb exposing her to ridicule and resentment from her father and friends. But with help from Apu and Paul and Linda McCartney, she makes an effort to stick to her new vegetarian view.
	Top Words: ['mmm mmm mmm', 'don win friends', 'friends salad', 'win friends', 'win friends salad']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror VI
	Summary: Attack of the 50 Foot Eyesores Strange atmospheric conditions bring giant advertising statues to life. The Lard Lad is furious at Homer for taking his doughnut, so he, along with all the others, begin destroying the town of Springfield. Nightmare on Evergreen Terrace Willy's death, due to disinterested parents, causes him to come back into the dreams of their children, where he kills them, resulting in their deaths in reality. Homer3 Homer finds a strange area in the house behind the bookcase. When he steps through, Homer becomes trapped in a three-dimensional universe.
	Top Words: ['crap crap', 'just don look', 'look just don', 'doughnut', 'don look just']

	Title: King-Size Homer
	Summary: Homer tries everything to get out of the plant's new exercise program and discovers that being on disability would do just that. With Bart's help, Homer starts eating everything he can, even playdough.
	Top Words: ['ya yah', 'nyah', 'gas', 'honk', 'nyah nyah']

	Title: Mother Simpson
	Summary: Homer buys a dummy and fakes his death to get out of work. Since he has died, the power company turns off the power to his home. When Homer goes to get it turned on again he discovers that his mother is still alive. He brings her home to meet his family and he discovers why he has not seen her for 27 years. She is a former hippie on the run from the law. Her old nemesis, Mr. Burns, spots her at the post office and tells the cops from Dragnet. They look for her, but she escapes again and has a tear-filled goodbye with Homer before she leaves for good.
	Top Words: ['rhetorical', 'grandma', 'abe', 'yak', 'homerj simpson']

	Title: Sideshow Bob's Last Gleaming
	Summary: Sideshow Bob hates television. As a prisoner, his fellow convicts (including Rupert Murdoch) watch it constantly. When Vanessa Redgrave gets her own tasteless sitcom on FOX, it is the last straw. He escapes custody, steals a bomb, and hides out in a blimp. When he threatens to detonate a bomb, the town gives in to his only demand and ceases production of all television shows. The Simpsons just happen to be at the airshow, close to the blimp. The airshow evacuates, but Bart and Lisa stay in the military base. They find Sideshow Bob and tip off the cops as to his whereabouts. Krusty manages to get back on television by broadcasting from a shack, and Sideshow Bob detonates the bomb. The bomb is a dud. He escapes in the Wright brothers plane with Bart as his hostage, heading toward Krusty's shack on a kamikaze mission. Fortunately television is saved when this plan fails.
	Top Words: ['bob', 'sideshow', 'sideshow bob', 'television', 'air']

	Title: The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular
	Summary: The show opens with a montage of openings. Then Troy McClure answers viewer mail while hosting a show that features vintage clips from The Tracey Ullman Show, some outtakes and highlights from some of the previous 137 episodes. The show then closes with a montage of "hardcore nudity."
	Top Words: ['smithers', 'bartron', 'groening', 'mr burns', 'matt']

	Title: Marge Be Not Proud
	Summary: Bart sees a commercial for a new but unhappy video game. Marge does not want to get it for him because he is too young. Bart tries to rent it and tries to play it at Milhouse's. He goes to the store and tries to steal a copy of it. The security guard catches him. He leaves a message on the Simpsons' answering machine, in which he mentions that Bart is banned from the store for life. Back at home, Bart manages to gets rid of the message. Marge wants the family to go to that store to have a family portrait taken; only Bart sees the jeopardy in his returning to the store. The security guard spots him and he tells Homer and Marge that Bart is a shoplifter. Bart ruins yet another family picture. Later Homer yells at him, but Marge just refuses to talk to him. She thinks it is her fault for mothering him too much. Missing his own mother, Bart tries to hang around with Milhouse's mom. He decides to return to the store and have a picture taken of himself. He gives it to Marge and she is ecstatic. She lets him open his present early, a golf video game. The end credits show Bart playing his new game.
	Top Words: ['shoplifting', 'christmas', 'try save', 'gotta change', 'juvenile hall']

	Title: Team Homer
	Summary: Homer convinces a light-headed Mr. Burns to give him $500 to register his bowling team in a league, but when Mr. Burns finds out what he has done he demands a spot on the team. Meanwhile, Bart influences a riot at school and as a result, everyone is forced to wear uniforms.
	Top Words: ['team', 'uniforms', 'otto', 'burns', 'homework']

	Title: Two Bad Neighbors
	Summary: The Simpsons have a garage sale one boring weekend and here we first meet Disco Stu. Right when the sale gets moving, George Bush upstages Homer by moving in across the street. Homer starts holding a grudge against Bush; meanwhile, Bart takes on the role of "Dennis the Menace" to George Bush's "Mr. Wilson". After George gives Bart the spanking he deserves, Homer starts a prank war, which escalates into a one-on-one confrontation. This results in the Bushes leaving and Gerald Ford moving in, becoming Homer's good friend.
	Top Words: ['bush', 'george', 'george bush', 'president', 'ayatollah']

	Title: Scenes From the Class Struggle in Springfield
	Summary: Marge gets an expensive "new" dress at the outlet mall. While wearing it she meets a former schoolmate who invites her and the family to the country club. Marge becomes obsessed with trying to fit in. Homer takes up golf at the club and Mr. Burns challenges him to a game. After Homer catches him cheating, Mr. Burns agrees to help Homer's family become members of the country club if he doesn't tell anyone.
	Top Words: ['chanel', 'suit', 'club', 'country club', 'mom mom mom']

	Title: Bart the Fink
	Summary: The Simpsons each inherit $100 after a recent death in the family. Bart and Lisa use their new fortune to open a bank account. With checkbook in hand, Bart has the idea of writting Krusty a check, so that when Krusty endorses the check, Bart will then have his autograph. Once the check is endorsed by Krusty's offshore holding corporation, it is discovered that Krusty is guilty of massive tax evation. Devistated because his career is ruined, Krusty fakes his own death. It is now up to Bart and Lisa to bring him back to the top.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'cents', 'rory', 'arr', 'krustofski']

	Title: Lisa the Iconoclast
	Summary: As Springfield's bicentennial celebration approaches, Lisa discovers the real truth behind town founder, Jebediah Springfield and finds herself at odds with a protective museum curator who wants to keep Jebediah's unattractive past a secret. Meanwhile, Homer becomes obsessed with being the official town crier for the bicentennial celebration.
	Top Words: ['jebediah', 'hear ye', 'ye', 'ha ha ha', 'jebediah springfield']

	Title: Homer the Smithers
	Summary: Mr. Burns orders Smithers to go on a vacation and Smithers picks someone to replace him who he's sure won't do a better job: Homer.
	Top Words: ['burns', 'mr burns', 'smithers', 'mr smithers', 'ahoy']

	Title: The Day the Violence Died
	Summary: Bart comes across a bum who claims to be the creater of Itchy & Scratchy. Once he is shown prove, he must convince the courts that Roger Meyers Jr. stole the bum's idea. Meyers is found guilty and Itchy & Scratchy Studios are put out of business. Bart and Lisa must now find a way to get their favorite show back on the air.
	Top Words: ['itchy', 'myers', 'roger myers', 'scratchy', 'itchy scratchy']

	Title: A Fish Called Selma
	Summary: Selma, desperate for male companionship, falls for washed up actor Troy McClure, who uses his new relationship with Selma to drum up some publicity and put a boost into his struggling career.
	Top Words: ['troy', 'mcclure', 'troy mcclure', 'da da', 'dr']

	Title: Bart on the Road
	Summary: Skinner decides to promote a take-your-kids-to-work-day on the Friday before spring break. Bart goes to the DMV with Patty and Selma. Lisa goes to the power plant with Homer. Milhouse discovers the exciting world of crackers. Martin makes money in the stock market. At the DMV Bart makes himself a fake driver's license. He, Nelson, and Milhouse look for a way to use it, so they decide to use Martin's money to rent a car. The four of them tell their parents that they are going to the National Grammar Rodeo. Instead they go out joyriding, but where should they go? Finding an old brochure they decide to go to the World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee. But first Nelson makes them stop in Branson, Missouri, where he can see his hero, Andy Williams. Back in Springfield, Homer asks if Lisa would like to come spend her spring break at work with him and she enjoys herself there; meanwhile, Marge becomes bored at home. Finding out that the World's Fair was over years ago, Bart and company do not find Knoxville that exciting, especially when they wreck the car. They are stranded, but they cannot tell their parents. Bart tells Lisa the truth, and she tells him to become a courier. He does and is able to go to Hong Kong free of charge with his friends. Bart tells Lisa that she needs to have somebody ship something large to Springfield. Lisa tells Homer, who is very upset, but orders the plant a new nuclear console. Bart and company return home, and everyone knows about the trip except Marge.
	Top Words: ['grammar rodeo', 'knoxville', 'grammar', 'rodeo', 'sphere']

	Title: 22 Short Films About Springfield
	Summary: Small slices of life in Springfield are shown, such as: Bart carves sugar; Apu in "The Jolly Bengali"; Lisa with gum in her hair; Smithers and the bee sting; Dr. Nick saves the day; Moe gets robbed; "Skinner and the Superintendent"; Homer, Maggie and the newspaper; McDonald's Quarter Pounders vs. Krusty burgers; the Bee Man at home; Chief Wiggum, the hood and the storekeeper; Reverend Lovejoy and his dog; Lisa and the gum (part 2); Cletus the Slack-Jawed Yokel; Milhouse has to use the bathroom; Chief Wiggum, the hood and the storekeeper (part 2); Lisa and the gum (part 3); Nelson gets his comeuppance; Bart and Milhouse find the truth; The Tomfoolery of Professor John Frink is almost seen.
	Top Words: ['gum', 'steamed', 'hams', 'gum hair', 'use bathroom']

	Title: Raging Abe Simpson and His Grumbling Grandson in "The Curse of the Flying Hellfish"
	Summary: Bart brings Abe to school in a special day for grandparents and he proceeds to embarrass Bart by lying. Abe gets a piece of mail saying that the seventh Hellfish is dead; this leaves only two of the Flying Hellfish left alive. When one is left, he will get to claim the legacy of art treasures they kept from the WWII. Who is the other Hellfish who hasn't died? Why it's Mr. Burns. Abe doesn't trust Mr. Burns, who is scheming on how to steal the treasure. Mr. Burns hires a world-famous assassin to take care of Abe, but none of the attempts work. When Abe goes to tell Homer and the family his tale, they do not believe him. Abe stays in Bart's room until the coast is clear. Abe tells Bart the story of the Hellfish, where he used to be ranked above Mr. Burns. Bart is highly skeptical. Mr. Burns comes in the night to steal Abe's key. When Bart sees this, he decides to help Abe stop Mr. Burns from taking the treasure. They take the Flanders' boat and go diving for it. After Bart brings it up onto the boat, Mr. Burns takes it from them and the he tries unsuccessfully to drown Bart. Abe and Mr. Burns have a scuffle on the shore and Abe wins. Just as Abe gets set to take the treasure, the authorities come to take the treasure back its rightful owner, a rich German.
	Top Words: ['treasure', 'grampa', 'asa', 'burns', 'burnsie']

	Title: Much Apu About Nothing
	Summary: A bear "terrorizes" the neighborhood; the new bear patrol causes taxes to be raised. Mayor Quimby decides to blame the immigrants, who will all be deported, depending on the outcome of the proposition 24. Apu turns to Fat Tony and then the Simpson family. Apu slowly wins the Simpsons' support. He decides to take a citizenship test after Lisa discovers he qualifies. He is short on time though, so Homer helps him cram like he has never crammed before. Homer fills his head with historical "facts" (remember that Homer is really stupid). The vote on Prop 24 approaches. The town votes to deport all illegal immigrants... except Apu, the Bee Guy, Dr. Nick, and Moe, who've all passed their citizenship tests.
	Top Words: ['24', 'proposition', 'apu', 'immigrants', 'bears']

	Title: Homerpalooza
	Summary: After Bart and Lisa inform Homer that his taste in music has become old, he decides to get into the current music scene and takes the kids to a music festival, Lalapalooza, where he accidentally discovers he has a talent for taking a canon ball to the gut. Soon Homer finds himself traveling with the festival and putting his health in danger as he continues performing his amazing feat for cheering crowds.
	Top Words: ['grand funk', 'music', 'funk', 'festival', 'forever forever']

	Title: Summer of 4 ft. 2
	Summary: It is the last day of school and Lisa has no one to sign her yearbook; Bart on the other hand is quite popular. Flanders offers Homer his Little Pwagmattasquarmsettport beach house for a few days, since he has jury duty and won't be able to use it. Lisa worries about not having a friend to bring. Bart brings Milhouse, making Lisa feel depressed. Lisa decides not to bring any of her dorky things so that she can redefine her identity. She gets new clothes and searches for kids with whom to play. She finds a bunch of local kids that seem to like her for whom she is. To make her feel even more special, they reject Bart in favor of her, making Bart jealous. Meanwhile, Homer sets out to buy illegal fireworks. Lisa is acting exactly like Bart when she hangs out, infuriating Bart and he decides to sabotage her friendships. He shows them a yearbook, revealing her as a nerd. She is humiliated and angry with him. He feels bad, so he tries to win back her friends. Even though they've found out she is a nerd, it turns out that they don't mind and they all sign her yearbook.
	Top Words: ['friends', 'beach', 'yearbook', 'bye', 'bye bye']



Season 8
	Title: Treehouse of Horror VII
	Summary: The Thing and I Homer and Marge warn the children not to go up into the attic. Of course they do and there they discover Bart's Siamese twin, who plans to sew them back together. The Genesis Tub Lisa's science experiment becomes a quickly-developing micro-universe, where she is thought of as God and Bart is the devil. Citizen Kang Homer is abducted by Kang and Kodos. The aliens take Homer to Washington where they replace Clinton and Dole just in time for the election. Homer tries to explain the truth, but no one believes him.
	Top Words: ['dole', 'crowd', 'bob dole', 'attic', 'yelps']

	Title: You Only Move Twice
	Summary: Homer is offered a job by the Globex Corporation located in Cypress Creek. The family agree to make the move, but have an awful time once there. Homer must decide whether or not to give up his new job which he has grown to love in order to make his family happy.
	Top Words: ['hammocks', 'cypress', 'hank', 'bye bye', 'bye']

	Title: The Homer They Fall
	Summary: Bart buys an extravagant belt on a trip to the mall, but the school bullies beat him up and steal it. When Homer goes to confront the parents of the boys in Moe's Bar he promptly receives a beating of his own. During the beating, however, Homer remains completely unfazed; Moe sees this and proposes to Homer that he test out his abilities in boxing.
	Top Words: ['tatum', 'drederick', 'crowd', 'boxing', 'crowd applauds']

	Title: Burns, Baby Burns
	Summary: The family goes to an apple mill and on the way home, they see a hitchhiker. Homer wants to pick him up, but Marge is totally against it. Ignoring her Homer picks him up and finds out that he is Mr. Burns' illegitimate son, Larry. He helps Larry get in touch with Burns, but Mr. Burns cannot stand him, because he is boorish, obnoxious, and rude. Mr. Burns tries to get him into a college, but Larry is way too dumb and Mr. Burns decides he wants nothing to do with his son. Homer and Larry are good friends now, so Homer comes up with a plan for Larry to win Mr. Burns' love. He stages a fake kidnapping and Larry stays with Homer in his basement. It becomes a big media event, but when a helicopter spots Homer and Larry, they flee to a movie theater. The police find them there and Larry admits it is a fake kidnapping. When Mr. Burns will still not accept him, Larry goes back home to his family.
	Top Words: ['larry', 'burns', 'cider', 'drifter', 'kidnapper']

	Title: Bart After Dark
	Summary: Lisa talks Marge into going to help rescue animals from an oil spill. This leaves Bart and Homer all along and on their own. Bart causes some damage at what the kids call the local "haunted house." As a punishment, Homer insists that he go there and work to pay for the damage that he caused. Bart discovers the house is actually a burlesque parlor and he begins working there as a stand-up comedian and maitre d'. Marge returns to find what Bart is doing and is angry with Homer so she goes to the owner of the house and tells her to leave Springfield. When that does not work, she goes before the town and tries to get them to bulldoze the place. They all travel to the house with tools of destruction and begin tearing it down, but Homer pleads with them to save the burlesque house and in the process he and everyone breaks into song. The song is so good that it convinces everyone on how valuable the house is to the town. Marge shows up late with a bulldozer. She offers to sing a song in response, but accidentally demolishes the house when she does.
	Top Words: ['burlesque', 'belle', 'rim shot', 'punish', 'rim']

	Title: A Milhouse Divided
	Summary: Marge is upset with Homer because their married life has become routine so she decides to hold a dinner party with other married couples to show him what a marriage can be. The party is over when the Van Houtens get into a huge argument and decide to get a divorce. Homer befriends Kirk, who tries to become a singer when he loses his job and Marge befriends Luann, who begins dating an American Gladiator. Milhouse stays with his mother and becomes a spoiled brat. Meanwhile Homer recalls his awful wedding with Marge and he worries that he and Marge have drifted apart, so he tries to win her back. When that doesn't work, he applies for a divorce. He breaks the news to her and then surprises her with a wedding ceremony. This time, all her friends are there and Kirk tries unsuccessfully to win back Luann at the wedding.
	Top Words: ['kirk', 'luann', 'divorce', 'dignity', 'cracker factory']

	Title: Lisa's Date With Density
	Summary: Chalmers buys his dream cara Honda. Someone has stolen the H from the insignia on its hood, making Chalmers cry like a little girl. Skinner tries to find the culprit. Meanwhile, Homer obtains a telemarketing machine. Skinner conducts a search of the students' lockers and discovers that the usual suspect, Nelson, had stolen it. Nelson gets detention, but also the admiration of Lisa. She falls for his rebellious ways and tells him how much she likes him. Homer's telemarketing machine calls for people in Springfield to send one dollar to "Happy Dude at 742 Evergreen Terrace Springfield." Nelson disgusts Lisa, but Marge tells her to try to change him. Her subsequent attempt leads to her first kiss. Nelson's friends are mad at him for having a girlfriend. They want to attack Skinner's house but Nelson will only join them later. Homer's auto-dialer gets him in trouble with the cops. Nelson gets in trouble for his prank on Skinner. Lisa decides to break up with Nelson, leaving an open window for Milhouse. Homer rigs the telemarketing machine to dial an apology to everybody in town.
	Top Words: ['nelson', 'greetings', 'homer voice', 'skinner', 'milhouse']

	Title: Hurricane Neddy
	Summary: A hurricane comes through Springfield, and the Simpson family hides in their basement. When the storm blows over, they go outside and find the Flanders' home has been demolished. The Flanders must stay at the church, wearing borrowed clothes. Then Ned sees on the news that people are vandalizing the Leftorium. To help him out, the residents of Springfield secretly rebuild the Flanders home. When Ned gets a tour of the house, he finds that they had no idea what they were doing. When the house crumbles to the ground Ned goes berserk and tears into everybody in town. After his outburst he drives to the nuthouse and checks himself in. They call up his old psychiatrist and in a flashback to Ned's childhood we see that Ned was a brat. His parents were beatniks who did not discipline him. It was his old psychiatrist who provided the disciplined for him, which left him with a speech impediment-adilly. The psychiatrist tries to get him to express his anger, so he enlists the help of the most annoying man on the planet... Homer Simpson. Homer gets Ned to admit that he hates his parents, which leads to a cure allowing him to check out of the nuthouse.
	Top Words: ['ned', 'hurricane', 'foster', 'storm', 'neddy']

	Title: El Viaje de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)
	Summary: Remembering last year, Marge tries to hide the big annual chili cook-off from Homer. When he figures it out, she makes him promise not to drink any beer. Homer is known as the dude with the fireproof stomach and Chief Wiggum brews up some chili with Guatemalan insanity peppers, and it burns the hell out of Homer's mouth. He decides to put wax in his mouth, so he can eat the peppers whole. After eating a few, he begins hallucinating and Homer runs off into the sunset and experiencing a strange journey. The rest of the family leaves without him after he embarrasses them. On his journey, Homer meets a talking coyote who tells him to find his soul mate. He wakes up on a golf course and begins his search. Marge is upset with him, making him think it is not her. Homer ends up at a lighthouse, where Marge eventually finds him. Because she found him, he figures out that she IS his soul mate. A ship crashes at the lighthouse, leaving short shorts everywhere.
	Top Words: ['soul mate', 'mate', 'chili', 'soul', 'coyote']

	Title: The Springfield Files
	Summary: Leonard Nimoy opens a tale about a typical Friday night. Homer goes to the Moe's but has to walk home after Moe tells him that his blood alcohol level is too high to drive. A bunch of creepy things happen on this walk home, including seeing an alien. He tells people, but no one believes him. A couple of Special Agents from the FBI, named Mulder and Scully, come to investigate. The alien comes back every Friday, like Urkel. Homer and Bart venture out late at night to get hard evidence and film the latest encounter and get the footage shown on the news. The whole town shows up the following Friday evening. They all see it, but Smithers reveals that it is just Mr. Burns on his medication. They all sing together, as Homer brings the town peace and love.
	Top Words: ['alien', 'friday', 'nimoy', 'bring peace', 'leonard nimoy']

	Title: The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
	Summary: After being kicked out of the Springfield women's investment club, Marge is determined to best her ex-club members and she invests in a pretzel franchise. But when pretzel sales struggle, Homer unwittingly turns to Fat Tony and the mob to help Marge corner the snack business in Springfield.
	Top Words: ['pretzel', 'pretzels', 'franchise', 'whitey', 'agnes']

	Title: Mountain of Madness
	Summary: Mr. Burns tests the plant by having a fire drill. When they fail miserably, he organizes a retreat to promote teamwork. Homer misunderstands and brings the family. As an activity Homer has to find a cabin on a mountain by using a map. Who is his partner? Why it's Mr. Burns! Smithers doesn't like that arrangement and has to search for the cabin without a partner. Adding to his stress is the fact that the last ones to arrive at the cabin will be fired. Marge and the kids look for things to do, but everything is very boring. Homer and Mr. Burns manage to find the cabin first and they relax there until an avalanche, caused by clinking of their champagne glasses, traps them. Teammates Lenny and Carl can't find the cabin after the avalanche. Trapped like rats, Homer and Mr. Burns start to go crazy. A propane tank explodes and unearths the cabin. Everyone piles into the cabin, after all, the last one in will be fired, but Mr. Burns decides not to fire the loser (Lenny) after all.
	Top Words: ['cabin', 'teamwork', 'burns', 'bony', 'mr smithers']

	Title: Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala (Annoyed Grunt) cious
	Summary: The Simpson family is watching a Krusty special when Lisa notices that Marge's hair is falling out. The reason, says Dr. Hibbert, is stress. Homer vows to do whatever it takes to get her back to normal. Marge wants him to hire a nanny. They interview nannies, but Homer keeps accusing each applicant of being a man. No one seems to be qualified until Shary Bobbins arrives. She has an instant rapport with the children. They sing songs as they do chores. Everyone else in Springfield loves her, too. Shary is about to leave, but realizes that the Simpson family still needs her. She stays and they become more and more dependent upon her. Eventually her songs stop working, Bart whips cupcakes at the wall and Lisa sits around watching TV. When they tell her that they are happy just the way they are, Shary Bobbins leaves (only to be sucked into a jet engine).
	Top Words: ['nanny', 'singing', 'song ends', 'singing song ends', 'song']

	Title: The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show
	Summary: "Itchy & Scratchy" are getting low ratings, so the producers sample children as a test audience. They decide that they need a new character. The execs decide to add a new dog named "Poochie" and hold auditions for the voice. Homer, Otto, Troy McClure and others audition, but Homer gets the part. Coincidentally, a guy named Roy is staying with the Simpson family. Homer gathers friends to watch his debut as Poochie and they all hate it. Poochie is a spectacular failure, so the execs are going to hug him off, but Homer refuses to let him die. He writes his own lines and reads them. The producers hug him off anyway, in a very strange edit and Roy leaves the Simpson house, too. With that, "Itchy & Scratchy" returns to its former glory.
	Top Words: ['poochie', 'itchy', 'scratchy', 'itchy scratchy', 'ruff']

	Title: Homer's Phobia
	Summary: Bart destroys the clothes dryer, so Marge decides to sell a family heirloom to pay for a new one. They go to a store that sells camp antique items. Homer does not understand why grown men would enjoy such things, but he gets in a conversation with John, the antique dealer "with a difference" who works there. He invites John over to look over the valuable, worthless crap in his house. Homer thinks John is great, but Marge tells him that he is gay. Homer is homophobic, so he decides that he hates John, but the rest of the family continues to hang out with John. Bart begins to act effeminately, further horrifying Homer so he makes Bart look at scantily-clad women. Then he brings Bart to a steel mill, where real men work (not realizing that the mill workers are gay). When those things don't work, he decides to take Bart deer hunting. That does not work either, when the reindeer attacks them. John rushes Marge and Lisa to save the reindeer, but arrive in time to save Homer. In the end Homer decides to accept John and Bart for who they are.
	Top Words: ['ho ho', 'ho', 'ho ho ho', 'gay', 'deer']

	Title: Brother From Another Series
	Summary: Bart watches television and sees his psychotic nemesis, Sideshow Bob. We follow Bob, who has turned into an upstanding person while behind bars. He qualifies for a work release program, so his brother, Cecil, becomes his new boss. They are building a dam. Bart follows Bob, trying to catch him in another diabolical scheme. He cannot find any evidence, so he gets Lisa to help him. Then Bart and Lisa find some incriminating evidence and confront Bob. Cecil traps all three, revealing that he, not Bob, is going to destroy Springfield with the new dam. Bob, Bart, and Lisa form an alliance and try to stop Cecil. They succeed, and the police show up. Bob and Cecil both go to prison, even though Bob had nothing to do with it.
	Top Words: ['cecil', 'bob', 'dam', 'sideshow bob', 'sideshow']

	Title: My Sister, My Sitter
	Summary: Lisa is interested in babysitting. Ned Flanders offers her a job to watch his boys, and gives her a glowing review. Homer and Marge are impressed, and ask her to baby sit Bart while they're at the Squidport gala. To make Lisa look like a bad babysitter, Bart feeds Maggie coffee ice cream and embarks on a series of pranks that unnerve Lisa. When he refuses to go to bed, Lisa lunges at him, causing him to fall down the stairs and break his arm. Bart bangs his head against a door to make the injury more serious, and passes out in the process. Lisa panics and takes him to Dr. Nick's clinic in a wheelbarrow. Bart falls out down a hill on the way, stopping yards from the gala. The townspeople are mortified, but Lisa still receives more babysitting offers the next day.
	Top Words: ['babysitter', 'moth', 'babysit', 'babysitting', 'traffic']

	Title: Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment
	Summary: It's St. Patrick's Day in Springfield and the Simpsons go to the parade, while there Bart accidentally gets drunk, and the whole town sees him inebriated on television. The town starts pushing for prohibition, but it is discovered that there is already an old law that prohibits drinking, under punishment of catapult. With the old law back in place, organized crime starts supplying alcohol. Wiggum becomes the scapegoat for this and is fired. Rex Banner is brought in as his replacement and he stops any alcohol from entering Springfield. Homer and Bart come up with an idea to profit off the situation. They take some hidden beer supplies and begin selling it to bars and Homer becomes the "Beer Baron" and Marge is impressed. When his supply runs out, Homer starts making his own liquor in the basement. Marge is not crazy about this new strategy, meanwhile Rex Banner can't seem to find the mysterious "Beer Baron". With no job, Wiggum has fallen on hard times. Because it is so hard to keep the alcohol supply up, Homer decides to turn himself in to Wiggum. Rex Banner plans on catapulting Homer, who gets away scot-free when it is revealed that the old law is invalid. The town instead catapults Rex Banner, and reinstates Wiggum.
	Top Words: ['prohibition', 'beer baron', 'baron', 'banner', 'rex']

	Title: Grade School Confidential
	Summary: While at school, Martin invites the class to his birthday party. Edna Krabappel and Seymour Skinner show up and so do Bart, Lisa and many others. As one of the dishes Mrs. Prince serves oysters. When Seymour spots his mother trying to enter the party he and Edna go and flirt in Martin's teahouse. Everyone but Bart, Edna and Seymour leave the party sick because of the oysters. Bart stays a while and sees Edna and Seymour kissing. At school they overhear Bart about to tell Milhouse, Lewis and gang about what he saw, so Krabappel and Skinner take Bart into the principal's office. They make an excuse which fails, and bribe Bart by saying they will clear his permanent record if he keeps quiet. Then they start using him as their messenger, by pulling/sending him out of class to send messages to each other. It works for a while until they go a little too far. Bart tells everyone and proves it by opening the janitor's closet to reveal Krabappel and Skinner kissing. Rumors go from parent to parent about them having sexual relations. Superintendent Chalmers fires Krabappel and Skinner, but Bart tells them that they should demand to stay employed. Krabappel and Skinner lock the school and a mob watches as they demand their love be respected. Maude Flanders tells why they are upset, and Seymour reveals himself to be a virgin, satisfying everyone. Their relationship is legal, and Bart is out of the picture.
	Top Words: ['edna', 'seymour', 'krabappel', 'skinner', 'principal']

	Title: The Canine Mutiny
	Summary: Marge lets Bart read her junk mail and he comes across a credit card application. He fills it out with the name "Santo's Little Helper," his dog. When the application is approved and he gets the card, he starts spending like a madman, not realizing how credit works. He even buys a collie named Laddie, this dog is so perfect, that he neglects his old dog. Eventually the repo men come to take back everything he bought, including one $1200 dog. Bart gives him Santa's Little Helper instead of Laddie, but he soon misses his old dog and grows tired of the new one. Laddie gets local attention when he saves a baby's life, so Bart gives him to the police and then searches for his old dog, and finds him living with a blind man. The blind man calls the police when Bart breaks into his place. When the police come, Laddie finds pot on the blind guy. Bart leaves with Santa's Little Helper as the police smoke the blind guy's stash.
	Top Words: ['laddie', 'dog', 'little helper', 'helper', 'santa little helper']

	Title: The Old Man and Lisa
	Summary: Lisa wakes up early and begins working on her new hobby, recycling. Mr. Burns comes to talk to the school, and Lisa asks about him about his recycling program. He brags about how much money he has, but Lisa and Smithers reveal to him that he has very little money left. His "yes" men have never told him that his stocks have been losing money. Mr. Burns has to move from his house and the bank forecloses on the power plant, putting Lenny in charge. Nobody has any sympathy for Mr. Burns and he ends up in the old folks' home. He tries to regain his fortune by using Lisa's recycling program. She refuses him initially, but he presses on until she caves. They recycle, bringing in small amounts of money and they eventually gain enough money to build a recycling plant. It contains an invention that sweeps fish out of the ocean and makes slurry. This horrifies Lisa and she begins to tell people to stop recycling. When Mr. Burns stop by with a check for her for $12 million she refuses it; giving Homer four simultaneous heart attacks.
	Top Words: ['recycling', 'burns', 'mr burns', 'plant', 'li']

	Title: In Marge We Trust
	Summary: Marge takes the family to church; afterwards she notices how little of an effect it has on them. She goes to talk to Reverend Lovejoy about it and she becomes a volunteer. Homer brings to the kids to the dump and there they find a box with Homer's face on it, which really creeps him out. Because Reverend Lovejoy is terrible at giving advice, Marge takes over that aspect of his job; Reverend Lovejoy stopped caring about the congregation a long time ago. When the calls come in, Marge does a great job. Homer investigates the box and finds out that it is a Japanese dish detergent. He calls up Japan to inquire further and they send him a promotional videotape, which clears up the mystery behind Homer's face. It is the company's logo; a combination between a fish and a light bulb. Reverend Lovejoy soon finds that Marge outshines him, so he gets depressed. When teens start to hassle Flanders he calls for advice, but Marge screws up on the advice she gives him. The teens continue to harass him all night and into the next day and he ends up outside of town at a zoo. Marge brings Reverend Lovejoy and Homer to save him. Baboons try to hug Flanders and Reverend Lovejoy goes in to save him. The adventure brings Reverend Lovejoy a new inspiration for his job.
	Top Words: ['mr sparkle', 'sparkle', 'reverend', 'ned', 'listen lady']

	Title: Homer's Enemy
	Summary: Kent Brockman does a human interest story about Frank Grimes. Frank Grimes is a man who has had a VERY difficult life and Burns sees the report and tells Smithers to hire him. When Grimes comes to work at the plant, he meets Lenny, Carl, and Homer. All three of them are very stupid in this episode, but no one more so than Homer. Grimes can't stand any of them, especially after Homer starts calling him "Grimey". He is very concerned that Homer is an unsafe employee, after Homer nearly drinks acid and "Grimey" saves his life. Then Burns yells at Grimes about it and Frank Grimes decides to get even. He gets Homer to enter a nuclear plant design contest, but doesn't tell him that it is for kids only. Although he is an idiot, Homer works hard at it and wins the contest. Everyone is impressed with Homer and this sends Frank Grimes over the edge. He has a breakdown and accidentally electrocutes himself. At his funeral, Homer once again steals the show. Meanwhile, Bart makes the winning bid ($1) on an abandoned factory at an auction and hires Milhouse as his night watchman. They do a lot of dangerous things in the building until one day, it tips over and crumbles.
	Top Words: ['grimes', 'grimey', 'frank grimes', 'frank', 'plant']

	Title: The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase
	Summary: Troy McClure introduces three possible spin-offs from the series. Chief Wiggum, P.I. Chief Wiggum is a detective in New Orleans and Principal Skinner is his assistant. Their first case pits them against Big Daddy, an operator in New Orleans who's kidnapped Ralph. The Love-Matic Grampa Moe's Love Tester machine has a special soul... Grampa's. He tries to put Moe's love life into order. The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour The family returns in a new variety show format a'la The Brady Bunch Hour with a side of Laugh-In. Their show even features a "new girl" playing Lisa the way a new girl played Jan on the Brady show.
	Top Words: ['audience laughing', 'audience', 'big daddy', 'applauding', 'chief']

	Title: The Secret War of Lisa Simpson
	Summary: Bart's class goes to the police station on a field trip and while he is there, he just can't resist pulling a prank; meanwhile, Lisa's class is not challenging for her at all. Chief Wiggum meets with the Homer and Marge and recommends military school for Bart. Homer and Marge tell Bart they are going to Disneyland, but trick him and take him to military school. Bart does not want to be there from the get-go, but Lisa sees the discipline the cadets receive and decides to stay there with Bart. She is the first female ever to join the academy, so she gets a hard time from the other cadets. Bart starts to fit in after a while, and tries to keep the fact that he cares about her a secret. A final challenge awaits Bart and Lisa; they must pass a physical test called "The Eliminator". Bart helps Lisa to train in secret and when they both pass, they go home.
	Top Words: ['testing', 'cadet', 'military', 'lights lights', 'straining']



Season 9
	Title: The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson
	Summary: Homer must face one of his most hated foes: New York City. He takes the rest of his family on a trip to the Big Apple to retrieve his car after Barney borrows it and leaves it parked at the World Trade Center.
	Top Words: ['lt', 'new york', 'york', 'chug chug', 'chug']

	Title: The Principal and the Pauper
	Summary: The big surprise at the party honoring Seymour Skinner's 20 years as principal is that the real Seymour Skinner shows up. He has just returned to the US after being held as a POW for 26 years. Our Skinner's real name is Armin Tanzarian, who used to be a real hell raiser in his youth. He met Seymour while serving under him in Vietnam. Feeling rejected, Armand resigns as principal and hits the road. The town tries to get used to the real Seymour Skinner, but can they? The real Seymour is a weenie. Edna and Agnes begin to miss their old Skinner; meanwhile, the impostor Skinner is in a nearby town, advertising a for a strip club. Marge, Edna, and Agnes get together and form a plan to bring him back. They travel to meet him and he claims to be a changed man. He has a seedy apartment and a subscription to "Swank." They convince him to return and then the town gets rid of the real Skinner and Judge Snyder orders that they never to discuss him again and everything is back to normal.
	Top Words: ['skinner', 'seymour', 'seymour skinner', 'sergeant', 'sergeant skinner']

	Title: Lisa's Sax
	Summary: After Lisa saxophone is accidentally destroyed, Homer tells her the story of how she received her fabled instrument in the first place.
	Top Words: ['air conditioner', 'singing', 'conditioner', 'saxophone', 'gimme']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror VIII
	Summary: The Homega Man: Quimby insults the French government who launch a neutron bomb in retaliation at Springfield. Homer escapes the blast and begins enjoying himself in seemingly deserted town. Fly vs. Fly: The family visits Prof. Frink's yard sale. Homer purchases a matter transporter. Bart uses it in an attempt to become "Superfly", with comic and near disastrous results. Easy-Bake Coven: In 1649, Marge is accused of being a witch. It turns out she and her sisters actually are witches who learn that it's easy to scare people into giving them treats.
	Top Words: ['witch', 'witches', 'fly', 'transporter', 'mutants']

	Title: The Cartridge Family
	Summary: Homer becomes obsessed with owning a gun and once he purchases one and demonstrates poor gun safety habits, Marge and the kids move out forcing Homer to choose between his new gun or his family.
	Top Words: ['gun', 'soccer', 'holds', 'guns', 'rid gun']

	Title: Bart Star
	Summary: Springfield's youth join a pee-wee football team. With Ned Flanders at the helm and Nelson at quarterback the team is undefeated until Homer strong arms himself into Ned's job and puts all his faith in under qualified Bart as his quarterback.
	Top Words: ['cut', 'quarterback', 'coach', 'hut', 'team']

	Title: The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons
	Summary: Springfield has a bachelor auction, but none of Springfield's bachelors are the least bit attractive. Five women pool their money together and bid on Apu. They share him and he becomes quite the ladies' man. He is discussing his new life with Homer when his mother's letter arrives, reminding him that he has to have an arranged marriage. He tells his mother that he is already married, so she comes to meet his wife. Homer lets him pretend that Marge is his wife and Apu and his mother stay with the Simpsons. While Homer is pretending to not be married to Marge, he discovers the joys of living in a retirement home. Apu's mother hates Marge and she eventually figures it out the deception, so she goes on with plans for Apu's arranged marriage. Everyone shows up for Apu's marriage and Homer tries unsuccessfully to stop the ceremony. Apu finds to his surprise that his wife is a wonderful woman, and decides to marry her as planned.
	Top Words: ['apu', 'manjula', 'got zero', 'zero', 'cornelius']

	Title: Lisa the Skeptic
	Summary: Lisa protests the building of a shopping mall on sacred ground. Her protest gets the school the ability to conduct an archaeological dig. Lisa's digging reveals a human skeleton that has wings. All Springfield is convinced it is an angel and Homer cashes in; however, Lisa is skeptical. The skeleton disappears and when it reappears it carries a foreboding message about the end of the world. As sundown approaches, the townspeople grow concerned and frightened, but nothing catastrophic happens. The skeleton floats down below the valley to a new discount shopping mall ("the end is near ... for high prices!"). Lisa figures out the whole "end is near" saga was a publicity stunt staged by the developers, not so much to not tip off would-be competitors but, as she angrily states, a way to prey on the beliefs and fears of the guillible. She calls for a boycott of the mall, but the bargain-hunting public immediately go shopping instead.
	Top Words: ['angel', 'skeleton', 'science', 'fossils', 'say angel']

	Title: Realty Bites
	Summary: Marge is bored and Homer is just laying around one Saturday afternoon, when they decide to go to the police auction. Homer buys a muscle car that had previously belonged to Snake. He takes Marge for a wild ride and she demands to get out. She meets Lionel Hutz, who is now working as a realtor. He invites Marge to work there. So Marge (with help from Lisa and Bart) studies and passes the exam for a real estate license. Once on the job, she has trouble lying to customers (a prerequisite in real estate). She has to sell a house fast to keep her job, so she lies to the Flanders and sells them a house where murders took place. They move into the house, and the guilt sets in on Marge, who goes to tell them the truth. Meanwhile, Homer is joyriding and prison escapee Snake tries to hijack his car. A fight ensues and they crash into the hug house. Marge lets Flanders rip up the deposit. Soon afterwards, a jobless Marge goes on unemployment.
	Top Words: ['ding ding', 'sell house', 'ding ding ding', 'ding', 'truth']

	Title: Miracle on Evergreen Terrace
	Summary: We open with Homer and Marge doing the last-minute Christmas shopping. Back at home Marge tells the family that she has all the alarm clocks, so no one can wake up early and open the presents. Bart drinks a bunch of water so he can wake up and do just that. He plays with his new fire truck and accidentally burns down and melts their plastic Christmas tree and all of the presents. He buries the evidence in the yard and tells the family that he saw a burglar stealing the presents and tree. They get on the news in one of Kent Brockman's human interest stories. When the town sees them on television, they all come by to give them money. Homer buys a car with the money and wrecks it. The next morning Bart reveals the truth to the family. When Kent Brockman comes by for a follow-up report his crew discovers the torched remains of the presents. When the town sees the news report, they treat the Simpson family as pariahs. The townspeople decide to make it even by picking their house bare and stealing everything they own.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'burglar', 'washcloth', 'continues', 'presents']

	Title: All Singing, All Dancing
	Summary: Homer rents "Paint Your Wagon" and is put off by all the singing and dancing, especially by tough guys Clint Eastwood and Lee Marvin. The rest of the family reminds him via clips about the many times he and other members of the family and town have broken into song and dance.
	Top Words: ['singing', 'singing singing', 'singing singing singing', 'continues', 'monorail']

	Title: Bart Carny
	Summary: Bart and Lisa are trying to get out of yard work. When Colonel Tex's carnival comes to town, Homer takes the family. He keeps talking about how much he admires carnies even though they are sleazy and rat-like. He meets a father (Cooder) and son working the ring toss game. Cooder tricks him, as Homer is really, really stupid in this episode. Tex is displaying Hitler's Mercedes, and Bart cannot resist getting behind the wheel. When Bart wrecks it, Homer and Bart agree to work until they repay the debt. They have to do a bunch of unpleasant work. When Cooder has to go to an AA meeting with his son, Homer and Bart take their place at the ring toss game. Wiggum drops by for a bribe, and Homer is too stupid to negotiate with him so Wiggum shuts down the game. When Cooder returns, he learns that he is out of a job. Conforming to the carny code, they allow Cooder and son to stay at their house. Cooder is so appreciative to Marge and Homer that he gives them tickets for a boat ride. When they return from their trip, they find the windows boarded up and Cooder and his son squatting in their house. The family has to stay in the tree house, since Chief Wiggum is holding a grudge and refusing to help them. They devise a plan to trick Cooder and get the house back (one that DOESN'T involve setting the house on fire). When they succeed life will return to normal, well as normal as it can be for this family.
	Top Words: ['ding ding', 'ding ding ding', 'ding', 'carny', 'carnival']

	Title: The Joy of Sect
	Summary: Homer gets a brochure from a religious group at the airport and being highly gullible, he goes to their retreat. Because of Homer's intelligence quotient they have more trouble brainwashing him than the rest of Springfield most of who are all sucked into joining this cult. When they finally succeed with Homer, he signs over the family house to the Leader. The Leader begins taking over various media outlets, making Mr. Burns envy him. Seeing an opportunity to pay even less in taxes, Mr. Burns tries to form his own cult, although he is unsuccessful. Homer and the family move to an agricultural compound and begin picking beans. When the children become just as brainwashed as Homer, Marge escapes and enlists the help of Lovejoy, Flanders, and Willie to kidnap her family. They are able to deprogram them and then Homer tries to show the cult that the Leader is a fraud. When he does, and life returns to normal.
	Top Words: ['leader', 'love leader', 'beer', 'cult', 'beer beer']

	Title: Das Bus
	Summary: On their way to a Model UN conference a Springfield Elementary school bus filled with Model UN members crashes onto an uncivilized island and with the children struggling to coexist and find common ground, a Lord of the Flies parody ensues.
	Top Words: ['internet', 'food', 'monster', 'shouting', 'boar']

	Title: The Last Temptation of Krusty
	Summary: After Krusty bombs at a stand-up comedy charity event, he decides to revamp his tired old routine.
	Top Words: ['whip cracks', 'krusty', 'cracks', 'singing continues', 'canyonero']

	Title: Dumbbell Indemnity
	Summary: Homer aids Moe in his search for a woman and by chance Moe meets Renee, an outdoor flower vendor, and the two hit it off. In Moe's constant effort to wine and dine Renee, he quickly goes broke and enlists in Homer's help to steal his car and scam the insurance company for some money.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'hawaii', 'steal car', 'steal', 'moe going']

	Title: Lisa the Simpson
	Summary: Lisa struggles with solving a simple brain teaser and fears that she has succumbed the dreaded "Simpson" gene that renders members of the Simpson clan a little less than intelligent.
	Top Words: ['door dings', 'genes', 'gene', 'buildings', 'editorial']

	Title: This Little Wiggy
	Summary: The Simpsons go to a wonderful new museum. While there, Marge notices what a nice boy Ralph Wiggum is. Marge forces Bart to have a play date with Ralph. Ralph is so stupid and annoying that Bart wants to strangle him. Marge makes him go outside with Ralph. Ralph seems to be a pyromaniac. They go to the Wiggum's residence and Bart finds out that Ralph's father (Chief Wiggum) has a lot of neat stuff, including a master key that will unlock every door in Springfield. Bart goes over for a sleepover and swipes it. He and Ralph wander the town, running into the bullies. Nelson, Dolph, Jimbo, and Kearney take them to the abandoned prison. Bart and Ralph play around with the electric chair, leaving it on when they leave. Quimby wants to show the town the electric chair on the news. He wants to pretend to be electrocuted, thinking that the chair is off. Bart and Ralph see what is about to happen on the news and they have to prevent it. Bart goes to Lisa for a quick solution and she shoots a rocket at the prison which contains an explanation. Instead it goes into Burns' office, and he turns off the power after Quimby has almost been killed. Ralph's conscience tells him to burn down the house.
	Top Words: ['ralph', 'ralph ralph', 'key', 'ralph ralph ralph', 'playdate']

	Title: Simpson Tide
	Summary: Homer gets fired from the nuclear plant and decides to join the Naval Reserve. Other reservists include Moe, Barney, and Apu. Meanwhile, Bart gets an earring to look cool, but Homer makes him quit wearing it and ends up taking it with him to sea. Because of Homer's nuclear experience, he is assigned to a nuclear submarine. The Captain likes Homer because of his witty and wise remarks and he promotes him. During a war game exercise, the Captain leaves Homer in charge; things get bad, when the Captain becomes incapacitated. Homer makes some bad decisions and nearly starts a war. Bart's earring comes in handy when the ship springs a leak.
	Top Words: ['earring', 'torpedo', 'naval', 'captain', 'reserve']

	Title: The Trouble With Trillions
	Summary: Homer realizes too late that taxes are due, so he cheats on his taxes and files them just in the nick of time. When the IRS subjects Homer to an audit, they agree to let Homer off if he will agree to help the FBI and become a tool of government oppression. He tries to rat on his friends about their illegal conquests and the government enjoys his work so much that they have him attempt a very special assignment. Mr. Burns has a trillion dollar bill that he stole from the government long ago. Homer tries to find it in his mansion, under the guise of writing a magazine article on Burns. When he finds it, the feds bust in and arrest Mr. Burns, but Homer foils their attempt and runs away with Burns and Smithers. They decide to leave the country with the bill and they wind up in Cuba, where they try to buy the country from Fidel Castro. Castro steals the bill and they have to return in disgrace. Mr. Burns vows to bribe the jury and get them all off scot-free.
	Top Words: ['trillion', 'hmm hmm hmm', 'taxes', 'cuba', 'trillion dollar']

	Title: Girly Edition
	Summary: Bart becomes a star on the new kids' news segment on Krusty's show by modeling himself after Kent Brockman and sticking to human interest stories. However, Lisa sees through Bart's phoniness and sets out to expose him.
	Top Words: ['monkey', 'mojo', 'bart people', 'ducks', 'chittering']

	Title: Trash of the Titans
	Summary: After a confrontation with the Sanitation Commissioner, Homer decides to run against him in the next election. Homer's campaign, based on outlandish promises and elaborate services that the garbage men will perform, wins him the election. But being in charge of Springfield's sanitation turns out to be a bit more challenging than Homer anticipates.
	Top Words: ['patterson', 'trash', 'singing continues singing', 'continues singing', 'ray']

	Title: King of the Hill
	Summary: The Simpsons watch a Rainier Wolfcastle movie and later at the church picnic, the kids play "capture the flag." Homer joins Bart's team to compete with Flanders, but Homer fails miserably, because he is horribly out of shape. When this really starts bothering him, he starts jogging. He finds a gym while jogging, and Rainier Wolfcastle is there. Rainier helps him get into tremendous shape and after a few months, Homer reveals this to the family and Bart is very impressed. When the Powersauce energy bar company comes to offer Rainier a gig to climb the "Murderhorn," the tallest mountain in Springfield, he refuses, so Bart volunteers Homer for the job. Not wanting to disappoint Bart again, Homer goes for it. Homer is given Sherpas to help him, but he fires them so that he can do it alone. Even when Powersauce stops sponsoring him, Homer continues in his quest to make Bart proud of him and he reaches the top and succeeds.
	Top Words: ['mountain', 'flag', 'neil', 'bars', 'panting']

	Title: Lost Our Lisa
	Summary: With the day off from school, Bart uses some industrial adhesive to glue novelty items to his face. As a result Marge must take him to the doctor to have the items removed, preventing Lisa from attending an exhibit at the museum. Lisa asks her if she can take the bus downtown. Marge tells her no, so Lisa uses her brain to outwit her father into letting her take her first solo bus trip. Despite her brain, Lisa gets on the #22A bus instead of the #22. Lenny and Carl make Homer realize that he should not have allowed her to go by herself, so he leaves work in search of her. Meanwhile Lisa has ended up somewhere outside of town. Homer gets into a cherry-picker to survey the town and he sees her, just before he almost gets killed. He tells her about the wonders of taking stupid risks and to demonstrate his point, they break into the museum after it closes. While there, they make an anthropological discovery.
	Top Words: ['bus', 'museum', 'ow', '22', 'exhibit']

	Title: Natural Born Kissers
	Summary: When their anniversary dinner is a flop and their love life seems to lack luster, Homer and Marge try to spice it up, first by traveling to a bed & breakfast. Meanwhile, Lisa and Bart use Grampa's mine detector to find treasure and they find an alternate ending to "Casablanca." Homer and Marge discover that the fear of getting caught is the spice they need until they are caught bearing it all.
	Top Words: ['treasure', 'anniversary', 'wait wait', 'priceless', 'casbah']



Season 10
	Title: Lard of the Dance
	Summary: Lisa is placed in charge of showing a new girl around school, who quickly fits in and becomes popular as the new school's trend setter. Meanwhile, Homer enlists Bart's help in scheming to find ways to collect grease to sell back to the grease recycling plant.
	Top Words: ['grease', 'alex', 'dance', 'apple', 'school dance']

	Title: The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
	Summary: After realizing he has lived half his life and doesn't have much to show for it, Homer is inspired by Thomas Edison and sets out to become a successful inventor.
	Top Words: ['edison', 'thomas edison', 'thomas', 'inventor', 'invented']

	Title: Bart the Mother
	Summary: When Bart accidentally kills a mother bird, he feels so guilty that he raises her eggs as his own. But when the eggs hatch, a shock awaits him.
	Top Words: ['lizards', 'bird', 'eggs', 'nelson', 'killer']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror IX
	Summary: Hell Toupe It's his third strike, Snake is sent to the electric chair. He vows revenge on all on those who were there when he was caught, Apu, Moe & Bart. Snake is electrocuted and his organs are saved for transplant. The beneficiary of his hair is one Homer J. Simpson. The hair begins exacting the revenge promised by its former owner. The Terror of Tiny Toon Marge takes the batteries from the TV remote control. Bart substitutes plutonium with strange results as he and Lisa become cartoon characters in an episode of Itchy & Scratchy, where the violence is real. Starship Poopers When Maggie gets her first tooth, a fang, and loses her legs, which are replaced by tentacles. Marge confesses that Homer is not the father, but rather Kang is. To settle the dispute on what would be better for Maggie's future, Bart suggests they go on The Jerry Springer Show and of course a fight or two breaks out.
	Top Words: ['snake', 'voice', 'bleeps', 'normal voice', 'little piggy went']

	Title: When You Dish Upon a Star
	Summary: A para sailing mishap leads Homer to become the personal assistant to celebrity couple Kim Basinger and Alec Baldwin.
	Top Words: ['alec', 'kim', 'ron', 'howard', 'baldwin']

	Title: D'Oh-in' in the Wind
	Summary: Homer's search to discover his middle name leads him to an old hippie commune that his mother used to frequent. He finds a mural that his mother painted of him from the 60's, and is inspired to become a hippie.
	Top Words: ['hippie', 'poncho', 'hippies', '60s', 'freaked']

	Title: Lisa Gets an "A"
	Summary: Lisa becomes uncharacteristically lazy after being sick from school for a couple of days, and has to resort to cheating to pass a test. Meanwhile, Homer purchases a small lobster in the hopes of growing it into a large lobster so that he can "eat the profits." But problems arise when Homer becomes attached to his new pet.
	Top Words: ['cheated', 'choo', 'grant', 'lobster', 'cheated cheated']

	Title: Homer Simpson in: "Kidney Trouble"
	Summary: Homer comes to his father's aide when it is discovered that Grampa needs a new kidney. But right before the operation Homer gets cold feet.
	Top Words: ['kidney', 'kidneys', 'na', 'na na', 'na na na']

	Title: Mayored to the Mob
	Summary: Homer becomes Mayor Quimby's top bodyguard and helps protect the Mayor from Fat Tony and his cronies.
	Top Words: ['mayor', 'fat tony', 'tony', 'hamill', 'rats']

	Title: Viva Ned Flanders
	Summary: Homer and Ned enjoy a bender in Las Vegas, but when they awake the next morning, they are shocked to find they have two new wives.
	Top Words: ['ned', 'okay okay okay', 'flanders', 'wives', 'chop']

	Title: Wild Barts Can't Be Broken
	Summary: When Homer and his friends trash the town after the baseball team wins a championship, Springfield's children are blamed for the damage. The angry kids start a secret radio broadcast that reveals the adults' secrets to the world.
	Top Words: ['isotopes', 'curfew', 'adults', 'conroy', 'secrets']

	Title: Sunday, Cruddy Sunday
	Summary: Homer and his friends travel to the Super Bowl, then discover their tickets are fakes. Meanwhile Marge and Lisa attempt to pass the time with an arts and crafts project endorsed by Vincent Price.
	Top Words: ['super bowl', 'wally', 'bowl', 'super', 'vincent price']

	Title: Homer to the Max
	Summary: A popular TV character named Homer Simpson forces our Homer Simpson to change his name to Max Power. He becomes popular with hip Springfielders, who lead him to run afoul of the law.
	Top Words: ['max', 'max power', 'character', 'power', 'homer simpson']

	Title: I'm With Cupid
	Summary: The wives of Springfield are jealous of the attention Apu lavishes on his wife. To win Marge back, Homer attempts to enlist the help of a skywriter, with painful consequences.
	Top Words: ['apu', 'elton', 'manjula', 'valentine', 'affirmation']

	Title: Marge Simpson in: "Screaming Yellow Honkers"
	Summary: Marge gets a new huge SUV, the Canyonero, and discovers the meaning of road rage.
	Top Words: ['honking', 'snarling', 'rage', 'nbc', 'horn honking']

	Title: Make Room For Lisa
	Summary: When Homer agrees to let a telephone company put a transmitter in Lisa's room, she becomes Bart's unwanted roommate. The stress leads Lisa to a sensory deprivation tank, where she learns to appreciate her father more.
	Top Words: ['smithsonian', 'hippie', 'demolition', 'fonzie', 'ohh']

	Title: Maximum Homerdrive
	Summary: After entering an eating contest, Homer fills in for his truck driver opponent, who after the contest is no longer able to drive. While on the road Homer and Bart discover the other truckers' shocking secret. Meanwhile, Marge and Lisa's attempts to buy a doorbell introduce them to the heroic Seor Ding-Dong.
	Top Words: ['red', 'trucker', 'chew chew', 'chew', 'barclay']

	Title: Simpsons Bible Stories
	Summary: During a particularly long-winded church service led by Reverend Lovejoy, our favorite family passes into slumber land. Marge dreams of herself and Homer as Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Lisa dreams of herself and Milhouse leading their school aged friends out of Egypt and from underneath the control of the Pharaoh, played by Principal Skinner. Homer visions himself as King Solomon. Bart dreams up a slightly different version of the David and Goliath story, casting himself as David and Nelson as Goliath's son.
	Top Words: ['goliath', 'eve', 'moses', 'adam', 'slave']

	Title: Mom and Pop Art
	Summary: Homer becomes an artist, turning a failed barbecue pit into a pricey object d'art. When his public turns on him, he floods the town to make a statement.
	Top Words: ['art', 'artist', 'barbecue', 'barbecue pit', 'cecil']

	Title: The Old Man and the "C" Student
	Summary: As punishment for losing the Olympics for Springfield, Bart must help the city's senior citizens.
	Top Words: ['olympic', 'olympics', 'ow', 'rubles', 'springs']

	Title: Monty Can't Buy Me Love
	Summary: Mr. Burns realizes that he is not as beloved as a Richard Branson-type billionaire. To get the public back on his side, Mr. Burns, with Homer's help, finds and captures the Loch Ness monster.
	Top Words: ['fortune', 'arthur', 'farting', 'burns', 'monster']

	Title: They Saved Lisa's Brain
	Summary: Lisa bands together with Springfield's other Mensa members to try to turn the town into a utopia. But they discover that genius doesn't always know what it's doing. Meanwhile, Homer takes sexually suggestive pictures of himself for Marge.
	Top Words: ['gazebo', 'bup', 'mensa', 'smartest', 'town']

	Title: 30 Minutes Over Tokyo
	Summary: The Simpsons learn to cut corners, enabling them to afford a trip to Japan. In Japan, they lose their savings and must become contestants on a humiliating game show to earn their way back home.
	Top Words: ['plummet', 'japanese', 'mega', 'ow hurts', 'vacation']



Season 11
	Title: Beyond Blunderdome
	Summary: Homer test drives an electric car so that he can win a free gift. The free gift is being part of the test audience for Mel Gibson's new remake of "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington." Everyone loves the film except Homer. Mel Gibson shows up after the screening and they all worship him...except Homer. The audience fills out cards about the movie and every single one of them loves it...except Homer. Mel reads the cards personally, but Homer's card disturbs him so much that he flies back to Springfield and asks Homer to help him re-edit the film. Homer agrees and the Simpson family goes to Hollywood. Homer has no idea what he is doing, but has no qualms about butting in and voicing his opinions. He walks all over Gibson and his ideas are terrible. The redone movie has a lot more action and it shocks the executives. The executives threaten to destroy the film, so Mel and Homer take it and run. They premiere it in Springfield and everyone hates it, Mel's career is ruined. Homer pitches more movie ideas, but Mel refuses to listen.
	Top Words: ['mel', 'gibson', 'mel gibson', 'movie', 'smith']

	Title: Brother's Little Helper
	Summary: Skinner introduces a fire safety skit to the students. When Flanders catches on fire, the fire department tries to extinguish him, but it doesn't work because Bart is pulling a prank with the fire hose. Skinner has Homer and Marge come to the school, where he recommends a behavior drug called Focusyn. Bart is very reluctant about taking it, so Homer tries to trick him. Marge ends up convincing him to take it and Bart soon changes into the perfect student and son. Returning from a movie, Homer and Marge find that Bart has flipped out and become paranoid. When they take him to the doctor, he runs away. The cops search for him. Bart goes to a military base and steals a tank. He aims it at the sky and shoots down a Major League Baseball satellite, saying that MLB is spying on everyone. Mark McGwire comes out of nowhere to talk to them. Marge then takes Bart off of Focusyn and puts him on Ritalin.
	Top Words: ['focusyn', 'mad dog', 'drugs', 'dingers', 'drug']

	Title: Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner
	Summary: Homer takes the kids to the zoo, and then they take a newspaper tour. Homer reveals his talent for identifying food and coincidentally, it is the food critic's last day at the newspaper. Homer writes a sample review on a typewriter. The typewriter has no "e" key, so it turns out to be a pretty bad review. Also in it, he makes threatening statements to the U.N. and repeats the phrase, "Screw Flanders." He pretends that it is a joke and vows to rewrite it. Lisa helps him this time and he gets the job. Homer and Lisa soon give positive reviews to every restaurant in town. At the advice of other food critics, he decides to change his style and he starts giving nothing but bad reviews. Lisa doesn't like his new style, so she leaves him to write the articles on his own. Homer has to review a food festival. Local restaurant owners meet and conspire to hug him with a spectacularly fattening clair called "La Bombe." Bart overhears them, so he, Marge, and Lisa try to find him before he eats the deadly pastry. Lisa stops him in time and the cops arrest the culprits.
	Top Words: ['critic', 'review', 'la la la', 'la la', 'la']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror X
	Summary: I Know What You Diddily-Iddly-Did The family (with Marge driving) runs over and believes that they've killed Ned Flanders. After covering up their misdeed, the family is haunted by someone who knows what they diddily-iddly-did, Ned Flanders himself. Desperately Xeeking Xena Lisa and Bart are blasted with radiation, get superpowers and become "Stretch Dude and Clobber Girl". In the episode "Enter...The Collector", they must stop Comic Book Guy (a.k.a. "The Collector") who has kidnapped Xena to add his collection. His collection also includes, Yasmine Bleeth, Doctor Who (Tom Baker), Matt Groening and many other recognizable icons. Life's a Glitch, Then You Die Homer is the nuclear plant's Y2K compliance officer. His negligence causes the Y2K bug to get out and spread across the networks of the world, causing mass destruction. Causing the government's "Operation Exodus" program to be activated, taking the best and brightest off the Earth to a new civilization on Mars.
	Top Words: ['xena', 'clang', 'clobber', 'collector', 'stretch']

	Title: E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt)
	Summary: The Simpson family goes to see a Zorro movie. Snake is rude after the movie, so to protect Marge's honor Homer challenges him to a duel, but Snake runs away at the onset of conflict. Overfilled with confidence, Homer starts challenging everyone to a duel by slapping them his glove. It gets him his way, until he slaps a Southern Colonel. The Colonel accepts his challenge and shows up at his front door at dawn. Homer chickens out and the family flees town. The man and his wife set up camp on Homer's lawn, while the Simpson family searches for a place to stay. Homer remembers Abe's old farm, so they go there and they become farmers. Homer has the repeated misfortune of tractors tipping onto him and he has no luck growing crops. He decides to use plutonium from the nuclear plant as a fertilizer. Radioactive tomatoes grow overnight, but they taste like ashtrays and are highly addictive. Apparently, they are tomatoes mixed with tobacco, which Homer starts marketing as "Tomacco." Lisa has moral problems with it. The Laramie tobacco company offers Homer $150,000,000 for the plant. Homer is not very good at negotiating, so he fails to cash in. When they return home, animals are addicted to the plant. They revolt, a la "Animal Farm" and a sheep destroys the last plant. The family returns home and Homer finishes the duel with a mere flesh wound and a hilarious "Glove Slap" rounds out the episode.
	Top Words: ['glove', 'slap', 'duel', 'mindy', 'coward']

	Title: Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder
	Summary: Homer shows up REALLY late for work and as a punishment he has to eat toxic waste. Instead he blows off his punishment and goes bowling with Lenny and Carl and he bowls a perfect 300 game. He gets on the news and becomes a local hero. He speaks to schoolchildren and he appears on "Springfield Squares." His celebrity begins to fade. He compares himself to Jesus. He gets depressed and goes to the top of a tall building and jumps off, but a bungee jumping Otto saves him. He thinks that God has saved him for a higher purpose, so he begins to look for it. He decides it might be his children, but he thinks that it isn't Bart or Lisa since they don't appear to need him. So he takes an interest in raising Maggie. He teaches her how to swim, but she has a fear of the water. When Homer almost drowns, she saves his life. So he teaches her how to bowl and she scores a 295 game.
	Top Words: ['maggie', 'num', 'bowling', 'daddy', 'real real']

	Title: Eight Misbehavin
	Summary: Apu decides it's time to have children. When he and Manjula don't have any luck conceiving, they get some advice from Homer. Nine months later, Manjula gives birth to octuplets. The free stuff donated to them helps them out, but them a couple from Shelbyville gives birth to nine babies and the free stuff dries up. Then the owner of the local zoo makes an offer to help out, but the catch is the babies are going to be put on display.
	Top Words: ['babies', 'apu', 'hup', 'butch', 'zoo']

	Title: Take My Wife, Sleaze
	Summary: Homer and Marge win a Harley in a dance contest. Bart teaches Homer how to ride. Homer bonds with the bike and takes it everywhere, becoming a nuisance. Homer even takes his cycle to church. He forms a motorcycle gang called "Hell's Satans", over runner-up name, "The Christ Punchers". The gang consists of Homer, Moe, Carl, Lenny and even Ned Flanders. The gang gives Chief Wiggum a hard time. They get into a cycle magazine, where the real "Hell's Satans" of Bakersfield see them. The real "Hell's Satans" crash at Homer's place, and destroy everything. Chief Wiggum turns his back on Homer. One day real "Hell's Satans" leave with Marge and Homer goes to try to find her. He goes to biker bars and gets the crap beaten out of him; meanwhile, Marge transforms the gang. She trains them to become upstanding members of society. Homer finds them and starts a brawl. He challenges the leader to a motorcycle duel (they actually duel with motorcycles). Homer wins and reclaims his old lady. On their way back to Springfield, Homer steals a keg from the biker bar.
	Top Words: ['oink', 'oink oink', 'motorcycle', 'gang', '50s']

	Title: Grift of the Magi
	Summary: Bart and Milhouse jump on the bed in drag and Bart breaks his coccyx and he has to begin using a wheelchair. The school is not equipped for a handicapped student, so Skinner makes a deal with Fat Tony. The mob will build ramps. Soon after the ramps are completed, they crumble. To add to the troubles, Fat Tony charges $200,000 for the job. Skinner opts to pay it, but he has to close the school. The neighborhood has a meeting to figure out how to give the kids an education. They try to get Mr. Burns to donate by performing a play. It doesn't work. Then a private company buys the school and reopens it. The new teachers encourage students to break books, and then they ask students about what kinds of toys they like. Lisa makes a shocking discovery about the new ownership; they are a top company and they using the children for research to design the hot new Christmas toy. Lisa and Bart go to investigate the company without success; the company's security guard is Gary Coleman. The kids do discover that the toy, Funzo, destroys other toys. They go to take all of the town's Funzos from people's homes. Homer helps them out and they go to burn them all. Homer, Lisa, and Gary Coleman get into an in depth philosophical discussion that lasts all night (but what sort of philosopher would celebrate Christmas anyway?). When Christmas comes, Homer invites Gary Coleman. It is a wonderful Christmas, thanks to the Simpson family.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'coleman', 'really big', 'gary', 'gary coleman']

	Title: Little Big Mom
	Summary: Marge tries to get rid of the junk in the attic but Homer won't let her; especially the skis he hasn't used in years. The family goes skiing and Marge manages to break her leg while the rest of the family is out on the slopes. Marge has to stay in the hospital, so Lisa volunteers to take over Marge's duties of the house. She finds that it is quite a challenge when Homer and Bart don't do anything to help. After working hard at it, she finds out what a thankless job it is. Marge is having a good time in the hospital, because they are pampering her. Lisa is starting to get fed up with Homer and Bart, so she makes them think that they have leprosy. Leprosy comes from unclean living conditions, so Lisa thinks her trick will get them to clean the house. They don't; instead they go to Flanders for help. Flanders sends them to a leper colony in Hawaii. There they get carved up by needles and sanders. When they figure out that they don't have leprosy, they go on pretending that they do. Why, because hey, it's Hawaii!
	Top Words: ['leprosy', 'thankyou', 'sores', 'lepers', 'electricity crackles']

	Title: Faith Off
	Summary: Remember "Homer Goes to College?" Well, Homer visits his college for old times' sake and reunites with the old nerds. He organizes a prank, but somehow ends up with a bucket stuck on his head. Nothing will get it off, so the Simpson family goes to a faith healer. While there, Brother Faith has Bart pull it off. Bart sees the potential of being a faith healer, so he starts performing miracles of his own. After a while, he forms his own church; but after a miracle performed on Milhouse goes horribly wrong, he realizes that he should quit. Meanwhile, Homer has to build a homecoming float for Springfield University. The family goes to the big homecoming football game. Everyone roots for the star player, a kicker. Until a drunken Homer drives the float onto the field and runs over his leg. Fat Tony threatens Homer with an ice pick, but Homer gets Bart to perform another miracle on the leg. With a taped-up leg, the kicker attempts a big field goal. In doing it, his lower leg breaks off and kicks the ball again in mid-air. The kick is good!
	Top Words: ['testify', 'heal', 'bucket', 'power', 'homecoming']

	Title: The Mansion Family
	Summary: Springfield is going to give an award to the town's oldest man, but when that guy dies, Mr. Burns gets the award instead. He decides to get a check-up at the Mayo Clinic with Smithers. When he leaves, he leaves the Simpson family as caretakers of his mansion. Homer starts living the life of a billionaire, but of course, he is highly destructive. He wants to throw a box social at the mansion for all his friends, but Marge pleads with him not to do it. He tries to get a few kegs for it from Moe, but local law prohibits the sale of alcohol before 2 PM. He cannot wait, so he takes Burns' yacht out to international waters, where no laws apply. Pirates see them whooping it up aboard the yacht and they rob them, put them into nets and then try to drown them. Fortunately they just float in the net back home. Meanwhile at the Mayo Clinic, Mr. Burns is told he has every disease known and unknown to man, it's just that they are all existing and trying to get through the door together in something the doctor's call "Three Stooges Syndrome". The doctors do warn him that a stiff breeze could hug him. Back in Springfield, Burns is not too upset about losing his yacht and the Simpson family returns to living their "simple" life.
	Top Words: ['naught', 'billionaire', 'rich', 'award', 'applause']

	Title: Saddlesore Galactica
	Summary: Springfield Elementary sends its band to the state fair. When the Simpsons get there, Homer basks in the great sounds of Bachman Turner Overdrive. Lisa seeks justice from on high when their school band loses in competition to another band that does the same tired old school band classic, "Stars and Stripes Forever" and their band does James Brown's "Living in America." so she writes a letter to President Clinton. What does the family after the competition, why they would watch a horse named Duncan dive from a platform. When the owner abandons him, Homer takes the horse home. The Comic Book Guy mentions that this plot has happened previously, but the Simpson family takes the horse home anyway. Homer tries to figure out a way to exploit Duncan. They enter him in a horse race with Bart as his jockey. The horse seemingly has no chance and he finishes last. Homer decides to give him a makeover and Duncan gets a bad-ass gimmick. He becomes Furious D. Marge starts developing a gambling problem, prompting Comic Book Guy to remember another classic episode. Furious D starts winning every race. The jockeys abduct Homer and reveal that they are evil trolls. They threaten him, so Homer has to throw the big race. Furious D wins anyway, and the jockeys come to hug the Simpson family. Homer beats them all by outsmarting them. To round out the "worst episode ever," President Clinton visits Lisa to tell her that he overturned the decision at the state fair.
	Top Words: ['duncan', 'horse', 'whinnies', 'band', 'ogdenville']

	Title: Alone Again Natura-Diddily
	Summary: Lisa takes the family on a hike, and everyone sees a race car driver crash. So the family goes to races. Sitting behind the Simpson family are the Flanders. Homer asks why they are there, Maude replies she likes to look at the yokels. To get the crowd going, T-Shirts are shot out of a cannon. The crowd goes wild, Dr. Hibbert gets one and Homer removes his own shirt, making a spectacle of himself. Maude is embarrassed by his behavior. Maude leaves to get her family hotdogs and when she returns she is hit by a flying T-Shirt and falls over the back of the grandstand to her death. After the funeral, Homer takes it upon himself to get Ned back into the dating scene by creating a video dating tape for him. Ned goes on several bad dates and becomes discouraged, but finds an angel waiting for him at church, when he sees and hears Rachel Jordan, the lead singer of a Christian rock band, singing a song. Ned starts speaking with her as the episode comes to an end.
	Top Words: ['ned', 'maude', 'engines', 'shirt', 'sorry sorry sorry']

	Title: Missionary Impossible
	Summary: Homer tries to anonymously pledge $10,000 to PBS to end the pledge break and get his favorite program back on the air. When PBS comes collecting, he goes on the run. Reverend Lovejoy helps Homer out by sticking him on a plane to do some missionary work in the South Pacific. It doesn't take long for Homer to corrupt the native population. Since he doesn't know anything about religion, he has the natives build a casino. Soon the island then turns from a tropical paradise into Atlantic City.
	Top Words: ['pbs', 'amy', 'missionary', 'craig', 'god oh god']

	Title: Pygmoelian
	Summary: After winning the chance for his photo to appear on a Duff beer calendar, but losing out when the calendar appears with stickers covering his face, Moe gets a face lift. The resulting surgery makes him handsome and then Moe takes revenge on those who wronged him because of his looks in the past, including the producer of a soap opera. Of course his new looks get him the part, until he and Homer become privy to some plot lines that threaten to write him out of the show. In anticipation, they decide to go out "in a blaze of sour grapes".
	Top Words: ['winslow', 'duff', 'tad', 'moe', 'ugly']

	Title: Bart to the Future
	Summary: The Simpsons go to an Indian casino when their vacation plans fall apart. Bart encounters a wise Indian chief who tells him his future. Bart becomes a pot-smoking, unemployed slacker who has Ralph Wiggum as his roommate. He regularly begs a blinded Flanders for money (Rod and Todd are gay). Bart tries to lead a band, but he fails. With Lisa as the newly elected President of the United States, he goes to mooch from her. She is very ashamed of him and she is also busy trying to think of a way to get the United States out of debt. Meanwhile, Homer is busy trying to find Lincoln's gold. Lisa tries to hike taxes by using creative phrasing to trick everyone when Bart accidentally reveals that it is actually a tax hike. America owes money to a number of nations, so Lisa invites their leaders to Washington. She sends Bart away so he won't screw up everything again, but Bart manages to return and talks to the nations. Bart manages to save the day this time and with that, his vision ends and the family goes home.
	Top Words: ['smell ya later', 'president', 'smell ya', 'ya later', 'gold']

	Title: Days of Wine and D'Ohses
	Summary: Homer and Bart search through people's garbage for treasure. When Homer goes to Moe's, Barney asks everyone why they didn't celebrate his birthday. It turns out that they did, but he doesn't remember. Moe bought him helicopter lessons as a gag gift. With help from a video Homer shot, he realizes what a drunken loser he really is. He asks for Homer's help in quitting drinking. Barney goes to AA. Meanwhile, Bart and Lisa embark on a project to design the next cover of the phone book. They try unsuccessfully to set up inspiring photographs. The sober Barney takes his helicopter lessons and Moe makes Homer the new Barney. Barney and Homer cease being friends. Bart and Lisa try to take a picture on Mount Springfield, but a forest fire traps them. Barney and Homer fly the helicopter to save them. When Barney gets nervous and craves a beer, Homer talks him out of it. They save the kids. Bart and Lisa get their picture on the cover of the phonebook after all, when Marge sends in a baby picture.
	Top Words: ['barney', 'helicopter', 'gulping', 'ga', 'fireball']

	Title: Kill the Alligator and Run
	Summary: Homer is suffering from insomnia due to stress. In an attempt to heal, the family takes a vacation to Florida. Little do they know, it is Spring Break. After Homer accidentally kills the beloved town alligator, the family must go into hiding to avoid being arrested.
	Top Words: ['spring break', 'boogie', 'spring', 'rock', 'kid rock']

	Title: Last Tap Dance in Springfield
	Summary: Lisa is inspired to learn dancing, so she begins taking classes. All the while, Bart and Milhouse pretend they are at camp, when they are actually staying overnight in the Springfield Mall. Police Chief Wiggum is conviced that giant rats have made their home in the mall, so he tries to exterminate them.
	Top Words: ['dance', 'tapping', 'tango', 'dancer', 'dancing']

	Title: It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge
	Summary: Otto has a girlfriend who he plans to marry and Bart offers the Simpson house as a place to hold the nuptials. Becky, the would be bride, confesses to Marge that she doesn't like heavy metal, which is a problem when Otto hires "Cyanide," a Poison tribute band to play at their wedding. Becky moves in with the family and the "hip-female" influence she brings to the family begins to get on Marge's nerves. Selma and Patty convince Marge that Becky is out to get her; Marge overreacts and strikes first and winds up appearing before a sanity hearing. Declared insane, she goes "on the lam".
	Top Words: ['becky', 'otto', 'usurper', 'stop hitting', 'heavy metal']

	Title: Behind the Laughter
	Summary: A la VH-1's Behind the Music, a behind the scenes look is taken at the Simpson family's rise to fame, their successful years together and then their feud which resulted in a breakup and solo careers for the family members.
	Top Words: ['narrator', 'hug hug', 'hug hug hug', 'simpsons christmas', 'hug']



Season 12
	Title: Treehouse of Horror XI
	Summary: G-G-Ghost D-D-Dad Homer dies because he's eaten the deadliest plant on Earth, broccoli. When he arrives at the Pearly Gates of Heaven he finds he cannot get in because he hasn't done one good deed all his life. St. Peter gives him 24 hours to perform at least one deed. Scary Tales Can Come True Bart and Lisa are abandoned to the deep dark woods. With a book of Fairy Tales to guide them, the pair navigates their way past a troll and three bears eventually arriving at the house of the witch who lives in the gingerbread house. Meanwhile, Homer and Marge change their minds and he goes in search of the children giving Rapunzel a haircut along the way. Night of the Dolphin Lisa lets a dolphin go free but it turns out this particular dolphin is the dolphin's king. Now that he has his freedom he plots to take his revenge on the land dwelling humans. Soon the dolphins are back on land where they've belonged all along and the humans are banished to the sea.
	Top Words: ['dolphins', 'good deed', 'deed', 'horoscope', 'squeaking']

	Title: A Tale of Two Springfields
	Summary: When the phone company gives Springfield a new area code, Homer revolts taking the part of Springfield with the new area code (the poor side of town) with him. Soon it's Olde Springfield versus New Springfield. As mayor of New Springfield Homer runs it haphazardly and soon the population of New Springfield moves over to Olde Springfield, leaving the Simpson family as the only residents. It takes a Who concert to bring the two parts of Springfield together.
	Top Words: ['new springfield', 'area', 'olde', 'olde springfield', 'code']

	Title: Insane Clown Poppy
	Summary: Homer and Bart fix things around the house using fireworks. They destroy Lisa's room on her birthday, so help make it up to her, the family goes to a book fair, where among other things Krusty is signing his new book. A little girl named Sophie is in line and she tells Krusty that she is his daughter. Krusty flashes back to his role in the Gulf War. Sophie's mother now hates Krusty. Krusty tries spending time with Sophie at the beach, but they don't bond very well. He sees Homer interacting with his kids and gets some parenting advice from his. Krusty gambles away Sophie's violin in a poker game with Fat Tony. She gets very upset with Krusty, so he (with Homer's help) try to steal back the violin. There is a big Mafia summit at Fat Tony's place and Krusty manages to escape with the violin and a bunch of cash. He wins back Sophie's love, but the mob goes after Homer for his role in the caper and shoots at him. Somehow Homer escapes.
	Top Words: ['violin', 'ohh', 'bup', 'bup bup', 'bup bup bup']

	Title: Lisa the Treehugger
	Summary: Bart wants the new Gamestation 256, so he tries to get a job to earn the money, but his job as a menu boy causes a great deal of paper litter to be strewn about the city making Lisa lament the plight of the trees. Then Lisa falls for a meat protester, which inspires her to join their environmental protection group. Later, when an old redwood tree is danger of being cut down, she begins living in the tree, but her desire to return home becomes to great and she leaves for just a little while. However it's too late because when she returns the next morning the tree has come down. During the night the tree was struck by lightning and the city thinks that Lisa is dead.
	Top Words: ['tree', 'log', 'lightning', 'log log', 'redwood']

	Title: Homer vs. Dignity
	Summary: Bart gets an A in astronomy, so Homer takes the family out for a celebration dinner. Homer's credit card is declined. He and Marge realize that they are broke, so Homer asks Mr. Burns for a raise. With Smithers away in New Mexico mounting his play about Malibu Stacy; Mr. Burns gives Homer a promotion. Homer has to make Mr. Burns laugh. Homer becomes a clown for him with Homer's life becoming an episode of MTV's "Jackass." As the title indicates, he has no dignity. After a panda rapes him, he begins to hate the job. Lisa discovers his secret and tries to get him to retrieve his dignity. Mr. Burns eventually fires him, so he becomes a department store Santa (again?). He is in a parade as Santa when Mr. Burns offers him $1,000,000 to pull one more prank. When Homer refuses, Mr. Burns does it himself, pouring fish guts onto the children.
	Top Words: ['sim', 'panda', 'monkey', 'ping', 'ho']

	Title: The Computer Wore Menace Shoes
	Summary: As Mr. X Homer starts his own web page where begins revealing Springfield's secrets. He ultimately wins the Pulitzer Prize for his work so he reveals himself to the public. When everyone knows that he is Mr. X his ability to obtain secrets disappears. So he begins making up stories. When one of those stories turns out to be the truth, he is kidnapped and taken to "The Island," a place where those who know too much are taken out of society.
	Top Words: ['computer', 'pulitzer', 'web', 'island', 'number']

	Title: The Great Money Caper
	Summary: Bart gets a magic set and with it he and Homer try street performing to make money. When it doesn't work out, Homer leaves Bart on his own, fending for himself. Being abandoned by his father makes Bart into a charity case and people just start giving Bart money. So Bart and Homer start working this angle and then get some advice from the man who wrote the book on grifting, Grampa Simpson. When they get busted pulling a scam, they manage to scam their way out of the situation; but Groundskeeper Willy may wind taking the fall, unless Homer or Bart confesses their guilt.
	Top Words: ['magic', 'ohh', 'island iced', 'willie', 'cake']

	Title: Skinner's Sense of Snow
	Summary: The Simpson family goes to a French circus. While watching the show a freak snowstorm hits the circus tent. It's a relentless snowstorm; everything closes, except for Springfield Elementary; Principal Skinner doesn't want to ruin his "Cal Ripken-like streak of school openage." With the teachers at an "emergency caucus," Skinner has the kids sit through a terrible film. When they go to leave at the end of the day, they find that the school is snowed in. The kids start to revolt against Skinner, so he gets tough with them. Meanwhile, Homer and Flanders go to save the kids, but get stranded in a snow bank. Skinner loses control of the school to the kids, led by Bart and he ends up trapped in a bag. The kids go through the schools records. Skinner sends a hamster out in the snow in an attempt to save himself. Homer and Flanders pass out due to carbon monoxide poisoning and Homer has bizarre fantasies about ranch dressing. The hamster saves them, leaving them free to save the kids. Skinner and Bart agree never to discuss the day again.
	Top Words: ['snow', 'skinner', 'christmas', 'plow', 'didi']

	Title: HOMR
	Summary: The Simpson family goes to an animation convention. Homer falls in love with a new product there and invests the family's life savings in a company that soon declares super-duper bankruptcy. To gain their life savings back, he sells his body for medical testing. The doctors find something odd in his head x-ray. Homer has a crayon lodged in his brain. This explains why he is such a moron. He thinks it is because he shoved crayons up his nose as a child. When the doctors remove the crayon, he gets smarter. This allows him to bond with Lisa. In fact Homer proves to be even smarter than she is. He is so smart that he accidentally proves there is no God. He also blows the whistle on the plant's nuclear safety violations. So the nuclear plant has to close and everyone hates him. He can't find happiness in things he used to like and he can't fit in with the people of Springfield. He decides to have Moe (a licensed surgeon) shove another crayon into his brain and he goes back to being a blissful idiot. Lisa understands why he did it and doesn't hate him for it.
	Top Words: ['crayon', 'burn burn', 'burn burn burn', 'eroding', 'high pitched voice']

	Title: Pokeymom
	Summary: The family attends a prison rodeo and Marge sees artistic potential in one of the inmates after she sees some of his work hanging in the prison infirmary. She volunteers to teach art at the prison and then vouches for her artistic inmate at his parole hearing. Now back in the real world, the inmate needs a job and Marge gets him one at the school, painting a picture depicting school spirit. His take on school spirit and Principal Skinners are at odds. Meanwhile Homer, whose back was injured at the rodeo, seeks the help of chiropractor. He soon discovers that his old trashcan is just as effective as the chiropractor, so he dubs it "Dr. Homer's Miracle Spinal Cylinder" and goes into business for himself. Until the chiropractors take their revenge.
	Top Words: ['crowley', 'jack', 'prison', 'cracking', 'warden']

	Title: Worst Episode Ever
	Summary: Despite being banned from life forever from the comic book store, Bart and Milhouse take over its management when the Comic Book Guy suffers from a cardiac episode, "the worst episode ever". Their management of the shop is fairly successful, until they discover the Comic Book Guy's secret stash of illegal video clips and begin charging admission for their viewing. Meanwhile, the Comic Book Guy on the road to recovery receives tips from Homer on making friends to no avail. Until a chance meeting with Principal Skinner's mother sparks an unusual relationship.
	Top Words: ['comic book', 'comic', 'store', 'ow', 'agnes']

	Title: Tennis the Menace
	Summary: The Simpsons go to an old folks' talent show. Homer looks into getting a casket for Abe, but instead decides to build a tennis court. He doesn't really like tennis; he got it confused with foxy boxing. All the locals want to use the tennis court. The Simpsons are the L.A. Clippers of tennis. Everyone mocks them behind their backs. Marge is horrified and starts to become competitive. She enters Krusty's tournament without Homer, her partner is Bart. This sets up a situation similar to that of Oedipus. Homer enters the tournament with Lisa as his partner. He turns her against Marge. At the tournament, there are a number of tennis pros in the stands. The stakes rise when Homer recruits Venus Williams and drops Lisa. Marge cries foul, so she is allowed to have Serena Williams as a partner. Serena then dumps Marge and successfully recruits Pete Sampras. Then Venus dumps Homer and successfully recruits Andre Agassi. The Simpson family then makes up. With the tennis court in their backyard, they will resume playing tennis together, right?
	Top Words: ['tennis', 'psych', 'tennis court', 'grunts grunts', 'tournament']

	Title: Day of the Jackanapes
	Summary: Krusty feels pressure from the network to change his show, so he decides to retire for the fifth and final time. Meanwhile, in prison Sideshow Bob becomes outraged when he finds out that Krusty has erased his past by taping over all his old episodes. He gets released from prison and begins plotting his revenge. First he gets an assistant janitor job at Springfield Elementary and then he begins turning Bart into a Krusty killing machine. During the Krusty's final bow, he expresses his regret for what he did to Sideshow Bob just a Bart is about to hug him
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'bob', 'flower shop', 'sideshow bob', 'clown']

	Title: New Kids on the Blecch
	Summary: Homer "runs" in the Springfield marathon, but when Bart crashes the end of the race an unruly mob is ready to lynch him. A passing stranger rescues him and offers Bart the opportunity to join a new boy band "Party Posse" as the bad boy. Other members of this new band include, Milhouse, Nelson and Ralph. Using NASA technology to enhance their voices they might just make it. And they will, until it is revealed that their videos and music are rigged to brainwash people into joining the Navy. Their manager goes crazy when the government cuts off his funding, but with a little help from N' Sync, the boys of Party Posse try to save the staff of "Mad Magazine" from certain destruction.
	Top Words: ['posse', 'pop rock', 'navy', 'join navy', 'subliminal']

	Title: Hungry Hungry Homer
	Summary: The Simpson family goes to "Blockoland". When Lisa gets ripped off, Homer sticks up for her and is successful. He vows to start helping the little guy. He helps Bart get a girlfriend and helps Marge get her hair streaked. He even tries to help Lenny get a refund from the Springfield Isotopes' owner, H.K. Duff VIII. In doing so, he discovers that the owner is moving the baseball team to Albuquerque. He tries to tell the media about it, but they don't believe him. He vows to go on a hunger strike to call attention to the situation. This seems hopeless, because of Homer's voracious appetite. He chains himself to a lawn chair and starts getting a lot of attention. Then management, seizing an opportunity, begins exploiting him until the truth finally comes out about the Albuquerque deal.
	Top Words: ['albuquerque', 'hunger', 'isotopes', 'hunger strike', 'eat eat eat']

	Title: Bye Bye Nerdy
	Summary: A new kid comes to Springfield Elementary and Lisa attempts to make friends with this new girl, but for all her trouble she just winds up the victim of this female version of Nelson. Lisa discovers the cause; pheromones given off by nerds are what attract bullies and she presents her findings where there needed most, the "12th Annual Big Science Thing". Meanwhile, after a visit from a baby safety consultant gets the Simpson home safe, Homer decides to go into the safety industry, making Springfield safe for all children.
	Top Words: ['francine', 'doo', 'bully', 'doo doo', 'new kid']

	Title: Simpsons Safari
	Summary: Maggie eats a magazine and Marge takes her to the hospital, leaving Homer to do the food shopping. Homer abuses a bag boy, which leads to the bag boys going out on strike. With them on strike, the family does not go grocery shopping. When their food runs out, Homer searches the house for food and he finds 30+-year-old animal crackers. When he opens the box, he finds it contains a golden giraffe; the token, which indicates the recipient, has won an African safari. The manufacturer honors the prize and sends the Simpson family to Africa. Their tour of the African wilderness is very strange. A local tribe treats them to a concert. Later, when a hippo tries to attack Homer, the Simpson family escapes on a makeshift raft. They sail down river and end up having to fend for themselves in the wilderness. They come across a scientist who is researching monkeys. When poachers come to take the monkeys, the Simpson family helps him to fight back. Lisa soon discovers that the researcher actually runs a chimp diamond mine and the poachers are actually Greenpeace. The Simpsons fly back home.
	Top Words: ['aaah', 'chimps', 'strike', 'strike strike', 'strike strike strike']

	Title: Trilogy of Error
	Summary: Homer's thumb is cut off following breakfast and the episode follows three different paths. Homer's day: as he and Marge race to get his thumb reattached. Lisa's day: as she misses the bus and tries to get to school so that she can win the science fair, but finds herself at one point at West Springfield Elementary. Bart's day: as he and Milhouse make use of a stash of fireworks that Fat Tony has illegally smuggled into the country. In the end their respective paths come together.
	Top Words: ['thumb', 'linguo', 'fat tony', 'tony', 'cut thumb']

	Title: I'm Goin' to Praise Land
	Summary: When he can stop thinking of her and to help him stop living in the past, Ned gets the Simpson family to help remove all the reminders of Maude he has around the house. Only one item misses getting thrown into the chipper, a sketchbook that contains Maude's vision of a Christian amusement park called "Praiseland." Ned goes on a quest to build this amusement park, which, opens to lackluster reviews; describe as the "height of tedium". When suddenly a miracle occurs, as a Maude mask floats in front of the Maude statue. It is quickly discovered that anyone who stands in front of the statue has visions. Is it truly a miracle, or just the passing of gas?
	Top Words: ['maude', 'ned', 'dancin', 'park', 'amusement park']

	Title: Children of a Lesser Clod
	Summary: The Simpsons go to see if they would like to take any of the classes at the YMCA. Homer tries out the basketball class but he tears the ACL in his knee. He can't go to work while he recovers from surgery. He is bored at home. He tries unsuccessfully to breed the dog and the cat to each other, and then Homer takes care of Rod and Todd one evening. When he finds that he is pretty good at it, he starts a daycare center. He still neglects Bart and Lisa, making them jealous. He becomes eligible for a Good Guy award for his service to the community. A film crew follows him as he does good deeds. Bart and Lisa devise a plan to show the world that he is a neglectful father. At the awards ceremony, they show home movies of him. When he ends up choking Bart, everyone is outraged. Homer flees the ceremony with the kids in a stolen car. The police catch him and later he apologizes to Bart and Lisa for his behavior.
	Top Words: ['day care', 'arnie', 'care center', 'day care center', 'pok']

	Title: Simpsons Tall Tales
	Summary: The family wins a trip to Delaware, but Homer refuses to pay the tax on the ticket, so they ride the rails and meet a hobo who sings and tells them some tall tales. The first is the tale is about "Paul Bunyan" and here we are treated to Homer playing the role of Paul as a giant doofus, a natural role for him. The next tale shows us Lisa as "Connie Appleseed," who tries to convince the pioneers to eat apples instead of buffalo. The third tale isn't really tall, it's a Mark Twain tale about Tom Sawyer (Bart) and Huckleberry Finn (Nelson), whom go on the run when Huck won't marry Becky (Lisa).
	Top Words: ['hobo', 'buffalo', 'connie', 'paul', 'huck']



Season 13
	Title: Treehouse of Horror XII
	Summary: Hex and the City The family sees a gypsy, but Homer's usual ineptitude causes the gypsy to seek her revenge by cursing him and his loved ones. In an effort to get the curse lifted, Homer catches a leprechaun and releases it upon the gypsy with surprising results. House of Whacks The family home obtains an upgrade, the Ultrahouse 3000, a computer that will do everything for them. Everything is going great until the house falls in love with Marge and tries killing Homer Wiz Kids Bart and Lisa are attending wizard school. The evil Lord Montymort and Slithers have designs on capturing Lisa, so that Montymort can take her essence. They use Bart's rivalry with his sister as the means to get at her.
	Top Words: ['leprechaun', 'pierce', 'gypsy', 'exclaiming', 'sheila']

	Title: The Parent Rap
	Summary: Abandoned by a prize seeking Homer, Milhouse and Bart go for an unintentional joyride in Chief Wiggum's squad car. In juvenile court, Milhouse gets his case dismissed; however, when Bart goes up before Judge Snyder he is just about to get out of it, when the judge's vacation starts. The replacement judge isn't a pushover and citing Homer's negligence she orders that Bart and Homer be tethered together. The pair attends school, work and Moe's together and begin bonding. Frustrated by the whole situation Marge cuts the tether and is caught. Judge Harm decides that both Bart's parents are unfit, so she has Homer and Marge put into stocks and put on public display. Homer and Marge break free and retaliate, only to get caught. When brought before Judge Harm they are about to have the book thrown at them, when Judge Snyder returns from vacation and declares that boys will be boys and dismisses the case.
	Top Words: ['judge', 'don fear reaper', 'fear reaper', 'don fear', 'reaper']

	Title: Homer the Moe
	Summary: Bart is digging a hole in the backyard, which turns into Homer telling a story at Moe's. Moe himself is feeling depressed, he misses his bartending school alma mater, Swigmore University. The guys talk him into going back and Moe leaves Homer in charge of the bar. Back at school Moe meets one of his old professors, who recommend that he reinvent his "crap-hole". Upon his return, the reinvention begins. Now called "M" it becomes an exclusive and Duff-less nightclub. Feeling like outcasts, Homer, Lenny, Carl and Barney set up "a hunting club" in Homer's garage, where there's plenty of Duff and a live band, REM. Moe decides he does not like his new bar and tries to join up with them again. Homer goes turkey hunting and shoots Moe (thinking he is a cougar), renewing their friendship. In the end, the Simpson family, Moe, and REM all celebrate Thanksgiving together.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'turkey', 'bar', 'digging', 'hole']

	Title: Hunka Hunka Burns in Love
	Summary: Homer's foray into the fortune writing business leads to a romance for Mr. Burns. Then Burns seeks advice from Homer when he starts to romance, Gloria his new found love. Things look good for Monty who proposes marriage, just as Gloria's ex arrives on the scene, Snake, who's just recently escaped from prison. He grabs Gloria and Homer and takes them hostage, leaving Monty and the police to affect their rescue.
	Top Words: ['gloria', 'monty', 'burns', 'flag day', 'car gone']

	Title: The Blunder Years
	Summary: Marge falls for the image of the man on the package Burly paper towels. Homer and Bart scam Marge by making her think that Chad Sexington, the burly paper towel model, is coming to dinner. Who shows up in place of Chad? A shirtless Barney. To make up for her humiliation, Homer takes her and the family out to dinner and a show. A featured performer on the bill is Mesmerino and Homer offers himself up for hypnosis. When Homer reverts to himself at 12 years old, it triggers something within that causes him to start screaming incessantly. With the use of some Indian Memory Tea, Homer and Moe, recall when they were twelve and Homer found a dead body, which he never reported. The family journeys to the old quarry to find the body; which they do, with help from Chief Wiggum and Burly paper towels. They follow the drainage pipe back to its source, The pipe leads back to Burns' office at the plant. He disposed of a inactive person thirty years earlier. It was the inactive person of Waylon Smithers... senior. He shows an old film to prove the death was accidental. Homer and Marge journey home, with Homer feeling satisfied. Moe visits them and tells about how he cracked the case.
	Top Words: ['burly', 'quarry', 'chad', 'gravel', 'screaming']

	Title: She of Little Faith
	Summary: Bart orders a model rocket and Homer builds and tries to launch it. With help from some nerds and a hamster named Nibbles, a new rocket is built and launched, but results in the church being destroyed. The church looks to rebuild and Montgomery Burns offers his help, but only if he can run the church like a business. The over commercialization of the rebuilt church puts Lisa off; she leaves it for good in search of a new place to worship. She finds Lenny, Carl and Richard Gere at a Buddhist temple. Richard gives her some information about Buddhism and she converts. The family tries to use Christmas as a means to bring Lisa back to Christianity. Realizing what they are doing runs to the temple but learns from Richard that Buddhism allows for the tolerance of other beliefs. So as Homer puts it, she can "pay lip service" to Christianity while remaining a Buddhist.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'church', 'buddhist', 'christmas wish', 'merry christmas wish']

	Title: Brawl in the Family
	Summary: The family is going through problems. A social worker sets out to fix them after a domestic violence charge. He is horrified at Homer when the vegas wives of Homer and Ned unexpectedly come to Springfield. Fed up with vegas, they want to replace Marge and Maude. Ned's new wife stays with him, but his dorky children drive her crazy. Homer tries unsuccessfully to get an annulment. Homer's vegas wife gets him kicked out of the house. Marge begins to feel sorry for Homer, so she devises a plan to get rid of his vegas wife. Homer gets her drunk and marries her to Abe. She is so distraught over being Mrs. Abraham Simpson that she and Ned's vegas wife flee, running down evergreen terrace. Senile as ever, grandpa forgets being married immediately.
	Top Words: ['gabriel', 'stanford', 'vegas', 'monopoly', 'bigamy']

	Title: Sweets and Sour Marge
	Summary: The family goes to the library's used book sale; where Homer obtains a copy of Duff's Book of World Records. When he's gone through all the records, he decides to set one of his own. Duff tells him that all the personal records have been set. He needs to help set a group record. The town tries to set a record for the world's tallest human pyramid; but when they fail, they inadvertently set the record as the world's fattest town, which they celebrate. Only Marge has a problem with this. She goes to the Motherloving Sugar Company to lodge her complaint. The owner Garth Motherloving is less than cooperative, so Marge files a class action lawsuit. Professor Frink blows the whistle on "big sugar" and the court rules in Marge's favor and then bans all sugar from Springfield forever. All the town's sugar products are burned and Apu's store shelves are empty. Apu brings Homer into a group determined to smuggle sugar back into Springfield. Homer and Bart join with Apu, Mr. Burns, Count Fudgula and Garth Mothelovering in a scheme to smuggle in sugar from the island of San Glucose. They make it into Springfield Harbor, but are intercepted by the police. Evading Wiggum and Co., Homer finds himself faced with the decision to either "Dump Cargo" to make Marge happy or "Obey Bad Guy" and bring sugar to Springfield. He chooses the former, but Judge Snyder realizes that he's overstepped his authority and makes sugar legal once again.
	Top Words: ['sugar', 'hoyvin', 'just believe', 'book world records', 'world records']

	Title: Jaws Wired Shut
	Summary: The family watches the gay pride parade and then goes to the movies. Homer loudly protests the fact that the movie hasn't started, due to the length of ads and previews. When the ushers chase him out of the theatre, Homer runs straight into the glove of a statue of fighter, Drederick Tatum, and breaks his jaw. With his mouth wired shut and nothing else to do, Homer becomes a great listener and even a respectable member of society, which delights Marge. After his jaw has healed, Homer continues to be everything he never was before. On Afternoon YAK he promises to not revive his "weckless, weckless ways". Weeks later Marge realizes that their life has become dull, so she enters the family car in a demolition derby and soon finds herself in trouble. In a sequence reminiscent of the "Popeye" cartoons, Homer sucks down a can of Duff and comes to her rescue.
	Top Words: ['jaw', 'good good good', 'popeye', 'good good', 'announcer']

	Title: Half-Decent Proposal
	Summary: Homer's incessant snoring is keeping Marge awake and the cost for surgery to correct the problem is costly. She moves in with Patty and Selma to get some sleep. The news reports that Marge's former boyfriend, Artie Ziff, is the 5th richest man in America. Patty and Selma convince Marge that she should contact Artie, so they send an e-mail on her behalf. Artie receives the e-mail and reveals his 20-year obsession with Marge. Artie Ziff flies to the Simpson home and takes them for a ride. He then makes an indecent proposal, $1 million for Marge to spend a weekend with him, so they she might find out what life would have been like with him. After another sleepless night, Marge gives it serious thought, after all the money would allow them to pay for Homer's much needed nasal surgery. Marge goes off with Artie and Homer has second thoughts. Artie recreates their senior prom and tries to kiss Marge. Marge leaves Artie and returns to home find out that Homer has left town with Lenny. On the road, Homer and Lenny get a job at oil rig in West Springfield, which is "three times larger than Texas". Bart, Lisa and Marge figure out where Homer's at, but Marge needs help from Artie to find out exactly where he is. With his oil rig on fire, Homer declines rescue, until Artie gives up on Marge. Artie creates a solution for Homer's snoring problem, which at a subliminal level may help Artie with his Marge problem.
	Top Words: ['artie', 'ziff', 'prom', 'snoring', 'artie ziff']

	Title: The Bart Wants What It Wants
	Summary: After giving up the Olympic torch that Homer has stolen, the family stops in at a carnival being held at a private school. Bart comes to the aid of a young girl being bullied. The girl is the daughter of Rainier Wolfcastle and she invites Bart to come to her house sometime. Bart goes to Greta's home and has a great time. The Wolfcastles come to the Simpson home and Greta expresses her interest in Bart, although he is a little slow on the uptake. On Bart's next visit he brings Milhouse. Greta invites Bart to her school dance, only Bart finds out that Skinner is going to be performing stand-up comedy and he can't resist. Skinner's act bombs, much to Bart's delight. Working with the theory that "women are easy, state capitals are hard", Bart breaks up with Greta. For revenge Greta starts hanging out with Milhouse. She then joins her dad for a film shoot in Toronto. Bart asks the family if they can go to Toronto. At Paramountie Studios Bart finds Greta only to find out that she interested in either Bart or Milhouse, so they both join the Canadian Olympic Basketball team. Back in Springfield, Skinner's act still sucks.
	Top Words: ['defense defense', 'defense', 'ta', 'whazzup', 'toronto']

	Title: The Lastest Gun in the West
	Summary: Bart has a day that gets better and better, until it starts really sucking when a crazy dog that hates him for no known reason starts stalking him. Bart is chased by the dog and he escapes from the dog by climbing a fence into the yard of Buck McCoy, a former star of western films. Bart learns more about Buck's history and back at home when Bart mentions that Buck is about the greatest guy who ever lived, Homer gets jealous. Buck comes to the Simpson's home for dinner and Bart brings the western look to Springfield Elementary. Bart and Lisa get Buck to appear on "The Krusty the Clown Show", but Buck hasn't appeared on live television in years; so to calm his nerves, he starts drinking. A drunken Buck shoots up the Krusty the Clown set, and Krusty himself. As a result Bart has lost his new hero and Homer who should feel happy about it isn't. So he and Marge go to Buck's to try sobering him up. When Snake and his gang are robbing Springfield's National Bank, Homer suggests that Buck stop the robbery to help restore his son's faith in the old cowboy. A couple of twirls of Buck's lariat soon put an end to the robbery.
	Top Words: ['buck', 'western', 'horse', 'hero', 'growling']

	Title: The Old Man and the Key
	Summary: Homer is anxiously awaiting the start of the new XFL season when the Springfield Retirement Castle calls to report the death of Abraham Simpson, but the report is a mistake. A new woman moves in down the hall and Grandpa decides that he wants to be able to drive a car again, one so that he can feel alive again and two so that he can impress the new woman, Zelda. With his new license in hand, Grandpa borrows Homer's car for a series of dates with Zelda. In a role reversal, Homer has to lay down the law when Abe stays out with the car all night. Abe runs into trouble at the Kwik-E-Mart with a rival gang of retirees that results in him competing in a death race. Abe wins the race, but Homer's car is ruined. Homer revokes Abe driving privileges. Zelda has a reservation in Branson and she goes with Abe's rival. Abe steals Marge's car and goes with Bart to Branson to get her back. When they get there Abe actually just gets back at her and calls her the "hootchie" everybody said she was.
	Top Words: ['hoochie', 'zelda', 'dead dead', 'branson', 'dead dead dead']

	Title: Tales From the Public Domain
	Summary: Homer gets a letter from the library telling him about an overdue book. He checked it out when Bart was born to have something to read his child. Lisa suggests that he read them some stories from it now. Homer starts by telling the tale of the Odyssey Homer is Odysseus, who delivers a Trojan horse to the King. After his troops are victorious, Odysseus ticks off the gods by refusing to make a sacrifice. They take their revenge upon him when they blow him and his crew off course, where they almost meet the Sirens and finally Circe, who turns his men into pigs. After Odysseus eats his men, he has to cross the river Styx to return home. When he arrives he takes out the trash. Joan of Arc Lisa is Joan in this retelling of the story of Joan of Arc. Joan sets out to help lead the French army to victory against the English, which she does, until she is captured. Joan is found guilty and is about to be burned at the stake, when Marge, not much for tragic endings, changes the ending so that Joan lives. Hamlet Bart is Hamlet and Homer asks him to avenge his death. Moe (as Uncle Claudius) had Homer killed so that he could marry the queen (Marge) and take over the kingdom. Hamlet discovers the king's treachery and goes to avenge his father's death. When he kills the wrong man, he must duel with Laertes (Ralph). When Laertes dispatches himself, Hamlet kills Uncle Claudius, then himself. Rather than clean up the mess, the queen also dispatches herself. Everyone is dead. Bart can't believe how boring the last story was, but Homer reminds him that is also became a great movie called Ghostbusters. The family dances as the theme to that classic film plays in the background.
	Top Words: ['joan', 'hamlet', 'french', 'victory', 'island']

	Title: Blame it on Lisa
	Summary: The family receives a $400 phone bill for a phone call to Brazil. Marge and Homer go down to the phone office to get this error corrected, they didn't make the call. Their visit results in their phone service getting cut off. Homer tries to steal phone service, but gets electrocuted for his trouble. Lisa confesses to making the call and tells them of the donations she'd made for an orphan boy named Renaldo in Brazil, with whom she'd lost contact with. The family decides to make a trip to Brazil to find him. The family flies down to Rio, as Maggie takes care of herself, under the watchful eyes of Patty and Selma. They split up with Lisa and Marge looking on one side of town and Homer and Bart on the other. Homer gets kidnapped when he gets into an unlicensed taxi. The kidnappers take Homer up the Amazon. Marge reports the kidnapping to an uncaring police department and Homer tries to raise the $50,000 on his own. Lisa finds Renaldo working for the kids show that Bart has watched with great sexual interest since arriving in Rio. Renaldo is now wealthy, thanks to the new dancing shoes Lisa's donation purchased for him, so he gives Lisa the $50,000 that will let them get Homer from the kidnappers. The transfer is made and Homer is returned, but as we leave our friends in Rio, Bart is celebrating Carnival in the belly of a snake.
	Top Words: ['brazil', 'ronaldo', 'crazy scheme', 'rio', 'didn make']

	Title: Weekend at Burnsies
	Summary: Marge plants her own garden and when the crows arrive she puts up a scarecrow. Homer himself is scared by the scarecrow, so he sneaks upon it and destroys it. As a result, the crows look up to him as their leader. The crows hang out with him wherever he goes. The crows eventually overstay their welcome and Homer tries to shoo them away, the respond by attacking him. At the hospital, when Homer asks Dr. Hibbert what can be done for the pain in his eyes Dr. Hibbert prescribes medical marijuana. Homer starts getting legally high. At one point, in his high state of mind, Homer allows Flanders to read the entire bible to him. Flanders is also gets Homer's signature on a petition to get a ban on medical marijuana added to the next election's ballot. Being high at work also does a wonder for his career at the power plant, because when Homer laughs at all of Mr. Burn's jokes he is given a promotion to executive vice-president. Homer finds out about the ban being added to the ballot and a rally is organized in protest. The band Phish appears at the rally, but the attendees "have spaced on the date", they held their rally one day after the election; so medical marijuana has been banned. The medical marijuana is burned. Homer's medical condition was long since cured, Homer promises to never to smoke pot again. Mr. Burns calls Homer into help with his speech. Mr. Burns need to raise $60 million to appease his investors. Homer tries, but Smithers needs the use of Homer's last joint to think any of Mr. Burn's speech is funny. When Mr. Burns appears to dead from drowning in his bathtub, Smithers and Homer turn him into a marionette so that he can still appear before the investors. A dance performance by the strung up Mr. Burns gets his heart started again and he has recovered well enough to learn that the investors were distracted enough to not worry about the $60 million.
	Top Words: ['run run run', 'run run', 'marijuana', 'da da', 'da da da']

	Title: Gump Roast
	Summary: Our story begins a la "Forrest Gump", with Homer sitting on a park bench waiting for the rest of the family to arrive. While Chief Wiggum initially tells him isn't interested in hearing Homer's life story initially, he becomes intrigued as Homer goes right into it, in the form of flashbacks (clips). Homer is picked up and brought blindfolded to the Springfield Friar's Club where emcee Krusty the Klown and other friends and family roast Homer with their memories (more clips from past episodes). Bart and Lisa start followed by Mr. Burns, Grampa Simpson & Agnes Skinner, Reverend Lovejoy & Ned Flanders (a la "The Smothers Brothers"). The proceedings are interrupted by Kodos and Kang, whom rest the entire fate of humanity upon one human being, Homer Simpson; they cite him as "the fat selfish epitome of modern man". They probe him revealing more clips, which helps prove to them that humans are unfit to continue existing. Lisa talks them into probing the innocent mind of a child. The probing of Maggie's mind reveals to Kodos and Kang the most important thing of all for them; Earth is where there favorite celebrities live. Kodos and Kang attend the "People Choice Awards" and the episode ends with a wacky little ditty celebrating more clips, but telling the viewers "not to fear, they have stories for years."
	Top Words: ['mount splashmore', 'splashmore', 'mount splashmore mount', 'splashmore mount', 'splashmore mount splashmore']

	Title: I am Furious Yellow
	Summary: Springfield Elementary finally gets a career day speaker that keeps the children's interest. The creator of cartoon inspires the children to come up with their own cartoon characters. Bart makes an initial comic strip of "Danger Dude," which he shows to the Comic Book Guy and Marvel Comics creator Stan Lee who happens to stop by the comic book shop, but never leaves. Their feedback leads Bart to search for other inspiration, which he finds in his own father. He makes Homer the main character in a comic that he calls "Angry Dad". It becomes very popular and an Internet company wants to make "Angry Dad" an Internet cartoon. They offer Bart stock in return for use of his strip. "Angry Dad" becomes even more popular, but when Homer sees it at work, he goes home very angry. The citizens of Springfield, who see him in his car angry, try to make him angrier to see what he'll do. The family realizes that Homer has anger management issues. Homer resolves to take it easy, leaving Bart without any material. Bart sets an elaborate trap to anger the now sedate Homer. Bart finds out that the Internet company has gone bankrupt and doesn't need his new material, just as Homer takes the bait for the trap. Homer gets green with anger, a la The Incredible Hulk and it turns out Bart has saved Homer's life; since the pent up rage would have killed him.
	Top Words: ['angry dad', 'angry', 'stan lee', 'danger', 'internet']

	Title: The Sweetest Apu
	Summary: My goodness how the octuplets have grown! As we see when Manjula has brought the children to Kwik-E-Mart. After the children have left, Apu believes that the Squishee delivery lady has made a pass at him, by calling him handsome. The Simpson family is participating in the Civil War reenactment. Homer gets Barney (playing General Grant) to drink a mug of beer. The reenactment is "ripe with inaccuracies." Homer goes back to the Kwik-E-Mart and discovers Apu making out with the Squishee lady, he back out of the store all the way home and into bed. He has nightmares about the encounter and tells Marge guesses at what he's seen. They both have difficulty facing Apu and Manjula together. They confront Apu and soon Manjula finds out. She throws him out. Marge and Homer concoct a plan to bring Manjula and Apu back together. Apu asks for forgiveness, but gets divorce papers instead. Apu is about to end it all, when Manjula is willing to take him, provided he meets with her list of demands.
	Top Words: ['apu', 'manjula', 'squishee', 'annette', 'oh apu']

	Title: Little Girl in the Big Ten
	Summary: Lisa is failing gym. So that she won't fail and lose the Springfield Elementary the only accreditation they have, Principal Skinner gets Lisa a private coach. After seeing a vision of President Kennedy, Lisa is inspired to give gymnastics her best shot. While Bart is spending time with Grandpa he gets bitten by a Chinese mosquito. Lisa finds out that her fellow gymnastics students are actually college age, and rather than be embarrassed by her real age, she lets them think she is college age as well. Bart is diagnosed with "Panda virus" which makes him contagious, so Dr. Hibbert puts him in a plastic bubble for a week. Meanwhile Lisa has started hanging out with college age students at a coffee house listening to Robert Pinsky read his poetry. Bart starts using his plastic bubble to rescue nerds from the bullies. Some of those nerds follow Lisa when they think she is up to something. They find her at college analyzing "Itchy and Scratchy" cartoons and Milhouse exposes her. Embarrassed she leaves and back at home, she gets in trouble for going to college (16 credit hours worth) and her fellow grade school students won't relate with her anymore. She gets advice from Bart on how to win them back, which she does by making a splash on the cake created for Seymour Skinner Day.
	Top Words: ['college', 'bubble', 'liser', 'minus', 'campus']

	Title: Frying Game
	Summary: Homer's ordered Marge an anniversary gift, a pond for the backyard. The new pond attracts a screaming caterpillar. The "screamapillar" as the family finds out is an endangered species and by law they are responsible for its well being. When Homer believes he has killed the insect he tries to hide that fact. The "screamapillar" is okay, but Homer is found guilty of "attempted insecticide" and "aggravated buggery" and is sentenced to 200 hours of community service. Homer begins delivering "Meals on Wheels" and runs scared into the closet when one of his elderly clients appears to be threatening him with an axe. It turns out she is just a kindly old woman, who asks Homer to join him for some company. He starts lending her a hand, and she seems to be taking advantage of him. Marge goes to see her and then finds herself helping the old woman as much as Homer has been. When the old woman turns up dead; Homer and Marge are considered top suspects, when they are named beneficiaries of the woman's will. They suspect the "man with braces," who they saw leaving the scene. Everyone suspects them. When the woman's diamond necklace is found in their home, they are arrested. The children are sent to a yokel foster home and Marge and Homer are found guilty and sentenced to the electric chair. When Homer realizes that Marge is going to miss the children, he confesses to the crime, which allows for her release. On the electric chair Homer is about to be electrocuted when it is revealed he is a participant on a new reality game show "Frame Up". The man with the braces is the host, and Homer's hug victim is actually still alive. The old woman is actually Carmen Electra in disguise. Homer is freed, but disgusted that people's lives are toyed with for TV ratings; this he says while looking Carmen Electra directly in the breasts.
	Top Words: ['bellamy', 'necklace', 'braces', 'koi', 'pond']

	Title: Papa's Got a Brand New Badge
	Summary: Springfield is in the midst of a heat wave. The nuclear plant is at capacity and when one of its crack employees, Homer Simpson, plugs in just one appliance too many, the city has a blackout. Looting begins and the police are ineffective. In an attempt to try doing something right for a change, Homer starts his own security company to help keep order. Chief Wiggum finds himself without a job, when Mayor Quimby decides that "Spring Shield" security should become the city's new police force. Homer shuts down one of Fat Tony's operations and with that crime is non-existent. Fat Tony makes a public announcement that he is going to gun down Homer if he isn't out of town by tomorrow at noon. Homer appeals for help, only no one of importance offers to help. The following day, Fat Tony and New Jersey associates a la The Sopranos go to the Simpson home. Shots ring out, effectively wounding Fat Tony and friends. Homer decides to give his badge to the next person he sees, which happens to be Clancy Wiggum. He comments that's the way he got the job in the past, he also disavows any knowledge of the shots; but we know who the shooter is, it's Maggie Simpson.
	Top Words: ['woke morning', 'blue moon', 'woke', 'police', 'jingle']



Season 14
	Title: Treehouse of Horror XIII
	Summary: The Simpson family, along with Ned Flanders, holds a sance which brings the ghost of Maude Flanders back from the grave. With her presence in the room, she opens a book which brings us three haunting tales. Send in the Clones Homer finds that his new hammock is capable of making clones, and he begins making and using the clones to do all of his chores. When one of the clones permanently takes care of Flanders, Homer decides to get rid of the clones and the hammock. So he takes them both out to cornfield where he leaves them. Only the clones begin using the hammock and start to proliferate themselves at an enormous rate, soon the town of Springfield is under invasion by an army of Homer clones. It's up to Lisa to give the army a suggestion that help them eliminate the clone problem. The Right to Keep and Scare Harms Lisa finds the grave of William Bonney who was killed by gun violence. In his memory, she starts a gun control crusade, which makes Springfield totally gun-free; even the police no longer have guns. Now defenseless, the inactive person of William "Billy the Kid" Bonney and his cohorts rise from the dead and start raising havoc in town. Professor Frink develops a time machine, which Homer uses to go back to the recent past to stop the ban on guns. The Island of Dr. Hibbert The family takes a trip to "The Island of Lost Souls," where they find Dr. Hibbert is running the island's resort. Marge thinks that something creepy is going on there, but when she goes off to investigate she is captured by Dr. Hibbert who turns her into a cat woman. Homer goes in search of a cure for Marge's condition and encounters Ned Flanders (who needs to be milked). Flanders takes Homer to meet the others who've been converted into beasts. While initially horrified at what they've all become, after thinking about it, he decides it might just be the life for him
	Top Words: ['ha', 'ha ha', 'william', 'hammock', 'guns']

	Title: How I Spent My Strummer Vacation
	Summary: When Homer can't pay for his beer, he finds alternate means for altering his consciousness. When he finally is given a beer, it puts him over the edge and into a cab home. His cab ride home is videotaped (a la HBO's Taxi Cab Confessions) and his family sees him complaining about them, the family got in the way of his dream to be a rock star. To help him get over these feelings, they send him to The Rolling Stones' Rock N' Roll Fantasy Camp. Homer, Barney, Apu and others learn how to be a rock star from the likes of Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Elvis Costello, Lenny Kravitz, Brian Setzer, and Tom Petty. When his dream week is over, Homer is totally despondent; his rock star dream has been shattered. Mick offers him the opportunity to help them out with their upcoming benefit gig. Everyone (including Homer) thinks he is going to play on stage with the stars; the rock stars of course just want him to be their roadie. When he starts testing the microphones, he starts to steal the show, the rock stars fight back and a riot breaks out.
	Top Words: ['rock', 'test test', 'rock roll', 'test', 'baby baby']

	Title: Bart vs. Lisa vs. 3rd Grade
	Summary: Tired of "suckling on the six network teat," with their endless array of "reality shows," the Simpson family gets a satellite dish. Homer and Bart spend hours surfing all of the available channels. While Lisa studies for the school's upcoming achievement test; Bart doesn't, as he engrossed in Japanese Friends amongst and other lame satellite TV programming. Bart zones out during the test and daydreams about everything he's been watching lately. At a school assembly the next day, Principal Skinner announces that because of Lisa's high test score, she is being promoted to the 3rd grade. When Bart makes a comment about Lisa, Principal Skinner responds by also announcing that because of his low test score, Bart is being demoted to the 3rd grade. They'll be in class together, much to each other's horror. Lisa has a hard time adapting to the 3rd grade, as Bart is coming off as a much better student than he actually is. They go on a field trip to Capital City and Bart and Lisa are put together via the buddy system. Their teacher, Mrs. McConnell, decides that the students are going to help the state design a new flag. When Bart overhears Lisa breaking bad on him, he redesigns their entry. Lisa's anger with Bart causes them to fight and miss their bus back home. Bart and Lisa attempt to get home on their own, meanwhile Principal Skinner reports their disappearance to Homer and Marge, who subsequently journey to Capital City to try to find them. Bart and Lisa encounter a family of mountain folk, who take them back to the big city to reunite them with their family. Realizing that the "status quo" is best all-around, Principal Skinner returns Bart and Lisa's academic careers to normal.
	Top Words: ['buggy', 'grade', 'field trip', 'punch', 'capital city']

	Title: Large Marge
	Summary: Marge sees Homer flirting with two women and later tries to decide whether he is still interested in her or not. Homer's response is to fall asleep. Meanwhile, Bart and Milhouse are watching Krusty playing the villain "Clownface" on an episode of the old Batman television series and are inspired to recreate the carousel sequence. Marge asks Manjula what she should do about Homer and Manjula responds by taking her to a plastic surgery clinic. Marge goes in for a liposuction procedure and winds up with breast implants. The doctor gives her 48 hours to try living with them before he will take them out. At school, Bart gets Milhouse spun at a high speed on the carousel; so fast that he spins out of control, resulting in his knocking over the flagpole and throwing up on the flag. When confronted for his part in this act of unpatriotic behavior, Bart cites Krusty as the influence; making Krusty a very unpopular figure. Homer discovers her implants and at dinner the next night, Homer and the men of Springfield sing the praises of her new endowment. Marge gets offered a trade show modeling job. Marge gets into her new image until the extra weight up front of starts giving her back problems. At the trade show, Bart's old friend Stampy and Marge's gifts are used to help Krusty get his reputation back. Afterwards surgery is preformed to reverse Marge's condition and the Baha Men sings the praises of her Jugs with a little help from Homer.
	Top Words: ['yuck', 'oh oh oh', 'ho ho ho', 'jugs', 'oh oh']

	Title: Helter Shelter
	Summary: When Homer is injured at work, his compensation is use of a luxury sky box. The family enjoys the luxuries, but Lisa is bored and joins the masses rink side. She gives one of the players some score tying advice and is rewarded with Kozlov's hockey "tree". The stick is mounted in Lisa's room where later that night termites break out of the stick and do much damage to the family home. Until the Russian no-wood-nick termites can be thoroughly exterminated, 6 months from now, the Simpson family is homeless. The family tries a number of options but settle upon trying out for a home where they are required to live like its 1895. They pass the audition and start living the lifestyle. When the "1895 Challenge" sinks in the ratings, the producers try to stir things up by adding Squiggy from Laverne and Shirley. When even that doesn't work, they relocate the house to a river and watch it float downstream. Eventually the house comes to shore and falls apart. Now the family finds themselves without food and shelter as the TV crew eats away. The encounter and tribe of refugees from another reality program and together they fight to return to civilization, where they can find quality scripted television. When even that fails them, they start to entertain themselves.
	Top Words: ['reality', 'skybox', 'hockey', 'tsk', 'like bug']

	Title: The Great Louse Detective
	Summary: The family receives an invitation to go to a health spa. While there Homer is alone in the steam room, when some unknown person locks him inside and turns the heat up to the "MURDER" setting. Homer and Marge go to see Chief Wiggum for help in finding Homer's attempted murderer. Chief Wiggum decides to call in an expert on the twisted mind of a murderer. He takes the Simpson family to Campbell's Chunky Soup Maximum Security Prison to consult with Sideshow Bob. Chief Wiggum strikes a deal Sideshow Bob that will allow him to stay with the Simpson family, which makes Bart nervous. A device is hooked to Sideshow Bob that will allow the family to shock him if he gets out of control. Sideshow Bob follows Homer through a "normal" day. Sideshow Bob sets up a Homer dummy as a trap for Homer's potential hugger. Everyone, including Homer beats the dummy up. At Moe's someone takes a shot at Homer. Sideshow Bob recommends that Homer stay out of sight, which isn't going to happen when Homer is elected King of Mardi Gras. At the parade Homer's float becomes a runaway when its brake line is cut. Sideshow Bob launches himself out of cannon and saves Homer from certain death. Then Homer and Sideshow Bob go after and corner the potential hugger, Frank Grimes Jr. Later that evening in Bart's bedroom, Sideshow Bob appears and he tries to hug Bart quickly, but finds he can't do it, as he's "grown accustomed to Bart's face."
	Top Words: ['accustomed', 'frank grimes', 'grimes', 'bob', 'killer']

	Title: Special Edna (a.k.a. Love And Marking)
	Summary: Edna looks forward to the apple picking trip she is going to take Seymour, only he has to cancel because he needs to take care of his mother. Meanwhile, Bart looks for ways to keep from working on his research paper for WWI, including photocopying his butt and joyriding in a Blackhawk helicopter. The day before it's due, he uses Grampa as a resource. Bart receives F for his effort he works on a revised version of the paper after school. When Bart sees how sad Principal Skinner has made Ms. Krabappel when he cancels a date with her in favor of his mother, Bart goes out with her for the evening. At Lisa's suggestion, Bart decides to do more for his teacher, he nominates for the "Teacher of the Year" award. Knowing who she has to put with, the award committee selects Ms. Krabappel as their nominee. The award finals are held in Orlando, Florida at "Efcot Center." As the nominator, Bart (and his family) gets to go to award ceremony as well. Who isn't going, Seymour Skinner of course, that is until he changes mind. Of course, he has to bring mother along. At the award ceremony, Seymour is worried that he will lose Edna forever. He gets Bart to sabotage her chances at winning, but when it comes down to it he can't let Bart go through with it. Edna doesn't win the award, but she does get a marriage proposal from Seymour, with an engagement ring from Little Richard.
	Top Words: ['edna', 'teacher year', 'teacher', 'krabappel', 'nominated']

	Title: The Dad Who Knew Too Little
	Summary: Homer fails to get the birthday present that Lisa wanted. The gift he gets her instead makes it obvious that he knows nothing about his daughter and that makes her disappointed in him. To win Lisa back, Homer hires a private detective to find out everything about her. The private detective comes through with information that restores Homer's relationship with Lisa. Homer refuses to pay the detective's $1000 expenses; to get even the detective arranges it so that Lisa is framed for a crime she didn't commit. When the police arrive outside the Simpson home, Homer takes Lisa on the run. While they are holed up in a cabin, Homer confesses what he did to learn more about Lisa. The police trace them there and Homer and Lisa's subsequent escape leads them to a circus, where they find evidence that will exonerate Lisa of the crime. Only first together they must deal with the crooked detective.
	Top Words: ['diary', 'turbo', 'dot', 'daughter', 'lisa simpson']

	Title: The Strong Arms of the Ma
	Summary: Marge gets mugged outside the Kwik-E-Mart and she starts feeling vulnerable and becomes scared to leave the house. Dr. Hibbert diagnoses her with agoraphobia. The family tries to help her get back out of the house, but their efforts drive into living in the basement. In the basement she finds their unused weight set and she begins working out. Two weeks later she is stronger than she ever was and realizes that she can leave the house. In fact while celebrating her release from her fears, she confronts and beats the crap out of her mugger. While out working out, Marge runs into Ruth Powers, the neighbor she once went on the lam with. Ruth tells her about how steroids can help her to get bigger. Marge starts taking the supplements and gets into a women's bodybuilding competition. She takes 2nd place, which only entices her to do better next time. At Moe's she tears the place apart when she suffers from steroid rage. Homer makes her realize that she has become everything that she can't stand and she destroys the weight set.
	Top Words: ['sword', 'second place', 'ruth', 'steroids', 'ow ow']

	Title: Pray Anything
	Summary: When Flanders wins a half-time money shot during a WNBA game, Homer asks him what the secret to his good fortune is. Ned reveals his secret as hard work, honest living and flossing his teeth, tail and toes. Also a little prayer now and again doesn't hurt either. Homer focuses on the notion of the little prayer and when he needs to find the remote for his TV, his own little prayer works. He begins to pray for a number of things. His prayer for a new home pays off when he trips into a hole outside of the church. His lawsuit against the church wins him the deed to the church, since the church can't afford to pay him $1 million. Homer turns the church into a party palace. Without a place to preach, Reverend Lovejoy and his wife leave Springfield, when preaching at the bowling alley and staying at Ned's house just doesn't work for the Reverend. The partying at the church gets out of hand; Marge asks Homer if he is afraid of incurring God's wrath. Homer isn't so sure, but then the rainfall begins and Homer is struck by lightning. Soon Springfield has started flooding. When an unruly mob starts to come after Homer, Reverend Lovejoy arrives on the scene asking for forgiveness on behalf of the town.
	Top Words: ['church', 'vengeful god', 'vengeful', 'loving', 'god vengeful']

	Title: Barting Over
	Summary: Lisa dreams of being honored as one of three great Americans, only to be waken by Marge's vacuum. Marge and the rest of the family have begun spring cleaning. Bart finds a box of old videotapes. He and Lisa start watching the tapes that are boring them, until Lisa finds a tape labeled "BART SAD." They put in the tape, which features an episode of Perfect Strangers and a commercial for a product that fights bad breath for babies. The baby featured in the ad is none other than Bart, leading Lisa to realize the tape should have been titled "Bart's Ad." The baby in the ad is referred to as "Baby Stinkbreath," which opens Bart up to name calling by his siblings. Bart confronts his parents about the ad and Homer tells him he was going to tell him on his "death bed." They tell him he enjoyed making the commercials and he made a lot of money that Homer invested in a college trust fund. Homer confesses that he used the money to buy back incriminating photos. Bart demands the return of his money; Milhouse suggests that he get a lawyer. He finds a lawyer and tells him he wants a divorce from his parents. In court, Judge Harm renders her verdict, Bart is emancipated and half Homer's salary is to go to Bart. Bart moves out and into a loft apartment. His first night alone he is scared by a rat and runs to the elevator that takes him up instead of down. The doors open to a loft apartment that contains skateboard ramps, "skate boarding legend Tony Hawk" and the band "blink - 182" playing live in the corner. The family comes to visit Bart at his new home, where Bart appears to be living the good life. Homer makes a plea for his return, but Bart tells them he is taking off for six months to go on the "Skewed Extreme Sports Tour." At the Springfield stop of the tour, Homer talks Tony Hawk into losing to him in a skateboarding contest so that Homer might win back Bart's affection. When Homer wins the contest, Bart informs him it wasn't about being cool, it was really about Homer not caring about how he felt. With a bit of advice from Tony Hawk, Homer makes an apology and gets a lucrative commercial endorsement for "Viagra-Gain" which allows him to repay Bart, who returns home.
	Top Words: ['hawk', 'la la', 'la', 'la la la', 'tony']

	Title: I'm Spelling As Fast As I Can
	Summary: The kids are getting ready to go back to school. On the first day, Principal Skinner holds an all school Spelling Bee, which Lisa easily wins, allowing her to go to the state spelling finals. If she wins there, she can then go Spellympics. Meanwhile, Homer has been trying Krustyburger's new "Ribwich" and enjoying it immensely. At the state Spelling Bee Lisa wins, but is disappointed with Homer who tells her that "very serious Daddy business" is going to keep him away from her celebration. Homer's daddy business consists of getting more Ribwiches. He is disappointed when the Ribwich is no longer available. Another Ribwich fan (and member of Ribwich Nation) informs Homer that the sandwich is going to be tested in other markets and he shows him the tour schedule. For a moment, Homer considers joining them on their bus tour. For her spelling efforts, Lisa is rewarded with a double-wide locker and she prepares for the Spellympics. At the Spellympics, Lisa makes it to the finals. Homer regrets that he won't be able to attend the finals, as he will be in San Francisco for the last day of the Ribwich. George Plimpton talks to Lisa about getting her to throw the spelling bee so that a more popular competitor can help keep spelling a viable sport. For throwing the bee, Lisa is offered a full scholarship to one of the seven sister's college of her choice. Lisa wrestles with her conscience. In San Francisco, Krusty stops by and tells the crowd they will no longer be making the Ribwich and he tosses them the last one. Homer catches it, and offers are made to him for the last one. He realizes that he's forsaken his daughter's big day for a sandwich and he trades it for a car, which he drives off to Lisa's big event. At the Spellympics, Homer arrives just in time for Lisa to do her final word. With her dad present, she blows the lid off of the rigged contest, but then misspells her word in the process. She loses the contest, but back home in Springfield she is celebrated as "the biggest winner this town has ever had." They even have her likeness carved into the side of a mountain.
	Top Words: ['ribwich', 'spelling', 'bee', 'spell', 'college']

	Title: A Star is Born Again
	Summary: Ned dates a once-famous starlette in a sendup of "Notting Hill".
	Top Words: ['sara', 'ned', 'jellyfish', 'movie star', 'ha']

	Title: Mr. Spritz Goes to Washington
	Summary: Krusty gets elected to Congress in part to help get the flight path for Springfield Airport diverted from directly over Homer's house, but falls in line with the conservatives once he's there.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'congressman', 'bob dole', 'dole', 'vote']

	Title: C. E. D'oh
	Summary: On St. Valentine's Day Marge is too tired in participating in the lovemaking that Homer was so looking forward to. Dejected, Homer leaves the house and stumbles across a billboard for some extension courses. When he is thrown out of the "Strip for Your Wife" class led by Dr. Hibbert, he stumbles into "Successmanship 101" class. He gets the book for the class and with it he decides to change the direction of his life. Homer goes into work with a new attitude, but when he presents his ideas for improvements to Mr. Burns, they are all rejected unread. Later when Homer overhears that Mr. Burns actually has a canary named as the plant's legal owner. With this information and some encouragement from his family Homer decides upon a plan. With Bart's help, Homer releases the bird, which leaves the plant with no owner. In rare sign of intelligence, Homer outwits Mr. Burns and is able to take over the vacancy left by the canary. His first act in his new job is to fire Mr. Burns. Now Homer is in charge of the power plant and besides learning about the "door shutting thing" he soon learns how difficult it is to be at the top. He misses out on quality time with his family. Mr. Burns returns for a visit and shows Homer the people he missed out on being with throughout his life, Mr. Burns then tries to hug Homer by drugging him and sealing him in a tomb. He isn't fast enough as Homer recovers and easily escapes. As a wrap up to his latest escapade Homer (and everyone) celebrate "HOMER'S 305th EVERYTHING IS BACK TO NORMAL BBQ."
	Top Words: ['burns', 'mr burns', 'patsy', 'plant', 'drugs']

	Title: 'Scuse Me While I Miss the Sky
	Summary: Principal Skinner introduces the students of Springfield Elementary to Declan Desmond, a documentary filmmaker. Desmond is there to do a documentary on the school. The children see an example of his work in the form of his documentary on Krusty Burger called "Do You Want Lies With That?" He starts filming his documentary by focusing on school bullies. Bart is being featured on camera for his role as a school bully, when he is humiliated by Nelson, the bigger bully. Principal Skinner tries to divert Desmond's attention by focusing on Lisa. Desmond easily spots the ruse and gives Lisa some advice that she should pick a path and follow it. Bart searches for a way to become cool again. When Nelson shows off a hood ornament he's stolen, Bart decides he needs to do the same, only bigger. Lisa looks for career direction and finds inspiration at an astronomy exhibit. Lisa gets Homer to buy her a telescope, only she soon discovers that light pollution from the town obscures her view. Bart tries to regain his position, as Desmond watches. He then finds Lisa is circulating a petition to reduce Springfield's light pollution. It works and lights are put down, yes the stars have come out, but so have the criminals. Nelson and company steal more hood ornaments. Bart targets the ornate (Emmy award looking) hood ornament of Fat Tony's car. Mayor Quimby caves into pressure from the townspeople and restores the lights of Springfield, to the point where it's daytime at night. Bart and Milhouse were almost able to steal Fat Tony's hood ornament, when the lights go on. 24 hours of "daylight" begin to take their toll on the townspeople. Bart is still scoping out Fat Tony's hood ornament, he only needs the cover of darkness to pull of his crime. Since he and Lisa want the same thing, they team up to get Homer to go into power plant and overload the city's lights. Springfield is back in the dark when the townspeople come to protest the lack of lights. Fortunately for Bart and Lisa a meteor shower begins and that distracts everyone. In the end, Declan Desmond's documentary "American Boneheads: A Day in the Life of Springfield Elementary" is shown.
	Top Words: ['ornament', 'hood', 'sky', 'meteor', 'astronomer']

	Title: Three Gays of the Condo
	Summary: After yet another Homer and Marge fight, Homer ends up sharing a condo with two homosexuals - who introduce him to a whole new world of gay discos and manicures. But will his fabulous new lifestyle prevent him from patching things up with Marge?
	Top Words: ['gay', 'ha', 'west end', 'gay gay', 'puzzle']

	Title: Dude, Where's My Ranch?
	Summary: It's Christmastime and the family is out caroling. When they carol outside of a lawyer's house, he informs them they can't sing the song they're singing without paying a royalty. This inspires Homer to decide to write his own Christmas carol, but when Flanders tries to help and begins annoying him, Homer is instead inspired to write an anti-Flanders song. Homer plays his new song at Moe's where a passing David Byrne overhears it and offers to produce and record it. The song "Everybody Hates Ned Flanders" becomes a national hit and is even covered by William Shatner. To get away from the over-exposure of the hit song, the family decides to take a vacation to a dude ranch. At the Lazy I ranch, Comic Book Guy looks for an Internet connection and Lisa is annoyed to find out that the ranch was built on cruelty to animals and oppression of indigenous people. Lisa wants to go home, until sometime later when she meets Luke Stetson, a junior wrangler who shares her views. Homer and Bart meet some indigenous people who tell them that they've lost their land to a natural beaver dam. Homer gets them to agree to build a fair casino, if he helps them get back their land. Lisa overhears that Luke already has a girlfriend named Clara and her heart is broken. Lisa encounters Clara and gives her false directions to the dance. Homer and Bart manage to outsmart the beavers and indigenous people are able to reclaim their land. At the dance, Lisa finds out that Clara, her competition is actually Luke's sister. Lisa gets Bart to help her find Clara, who they rescue with the help of some beavers. The family is set to return to Springfield, when they hear a new David Byrne produced song on the radio "The Moe Szyslak Connection" and decide they can afford another week at the ranch.
	Top Words: ['ranch', 'clara', 'luke', 'beaver', 'christmas']

	Title: Old Yeller-Belly
	Summary: Bart's tree house is destroyed and the Amish are called in to rebuild it. Because the Amish are master electricians, Bart's new tree house catches fire at its grand opening. Everyone makes it to safety, with the exception of Homer, who is trapped. He looks to the family dog for help, but Santa's Little Helper (SLH) is a coward and only saves himself. It's up to Snowball II to save Homer's life. Snowball II is made a hero in Homer's eyes and SLH is thrown out of the house. The dog park is turned into a cat park and renamed for Snowball II. SLH doesn't look very good in the eyes of his fellow dogs either. Kent Brockman asks Homer about his cat and any other pets he may have and Homer makes the bold statement that "I have no dog." Bart and Lisa look to help SLH regain his status as family dog. Their efforts fail. A passing photographer spots SLH drinking beer from a can that he is balancing on his nose. The photo appears in the paper and the owner of Duff Brewery decides its time to replace Duffman with a dog. The family signs a contract for the brewery's new spokesdog "Suds McDuff." The new campaign is a hit. The family stands to make lots of money, until SLH's original owner from the dog track comes to lay claim to his dog. He uses a tape of Homer's own words against him as proof of his continued ownership of the dog. SLH is being exploited by his original owner. The family comes up with a plan to get their dog back. They find the actor who played Duffman (Barry Duffman) and plan to have him rescue a drowning Homer, when it becomes obvious to the crown that "Suds McDuff" is a cowardly dog. The plan doesn't work, when Duffman turns out to be as cowardly as his replacement. The shark that tried to attack Homer becomes "wasted" on the Duff beer that came out of the keg that Homer was floating on. As a result, the shark becomes the company's new mascot. With his gravy train at an end, SLH's original owner returns the dog back to the family.
	Top Words: ['duffman', 'suds', 'duff', 'dog', 'coward']

	Title: Brake My Wife, Please
	Summary: At the Springfield Aquarium, Marge accompanies the kids on a school field trip. Lisa spots penguins flying and after Bart has shown off his "flawless pearls," which results in him being taken the hospital, where a lack of insurance card keeps him prisoner. Homer has the insurance card, but is nowhere to be found. As a solution, Homer gets a mobile phone and a few extra unnecessary accessories, which only leads to him not paying attention to where he is driving. That is until it is much too late and he drives off of a pier. Judge Harm takes his license away and Homer is no longer able to drive. Marge picks up the slack and starts becoming "Stresserella." Homer walks to Moe's, but much to Moe's dismay he decide to keep on walking and starts getting healthy. Homer walks to work and is the only employee to arrive, everyone else is caught in a traffic jam. Marge is frazzled from all her driving, meanwhile Homer sings and walks about the virtues of walking when he is stuck by a car; the driver of the car was Marge. Marge, who cares so much for Homer, tries to help in his recovery, but Homer perceives that she might be trying to hug him. It leads to fight, which in turn leads them to see a marriage counselor. After Marge leaves, the counselor suggests that Homer perform one unselfish act of love to win Marge back, in other words take her to dinner. Homer decides to one up that suggestion and invites everyone in Springfield (except the Flanders family) to a backyard barbeque in Marge's honor. Homer joins Jackson Browne in a duet to sing his praises of Marge.
	Top Words: ['chaka', 'khan', 'walking', 'dance dance', 'unh']

	Title: The Bart of War
	Summary: When Marge sees Bart and Milhouse incited to violence after watching an episode of South Park, she tries to turn them onto some good television on the PAX television network. They run out of the room and find themselves outside and bored. After tying a thread to a housefly, that lands itself inside of the Flanders home, Bart and Milhouse find themselves inside the home, unsupervised. They cause some damage and find Ned's collection of Beatles memorabilia. They drink from cans of a 40-year-old novelty beverage and start to get sick. Ned and the boys return to their home to find the house "slightly askew," and they flee to their panic room and call the police. The police arrive and capture the boys and Bart pleads that his parents not be called. The parents are called and as part of Bart's punishment he is sentenced to spending all his time under the supervision of a parent. He is also no longer allowed to play with Milhouse, who Marge believes incites Bart into his bad behavior. Bart joins the "Pre-Teen Braves" and Homer becomes the tribe leader. When Homer fails in his leadership skills, Marge takes over. Marge takes the boys on a nature walk and they meet a Native American who shows them a field that is in need of restoration. The "Pre-Teen Braves" return to the field to begin their clean-up effort, only to discover that the "Calvary Kids" that Milhouse and his father are a members of have already done the job. The two groups go to war and try to outdo each other in doing good. When the opportunity to become batboys at an Isotopes game is on the line, the two sides redouble their efforts for their candy sales. The "Pre-Teen Braves" lace the "Calvary Kids" candy bars with laxatives and believe they are going to win. Only the senior citizens, in a need of relief from constipation, buy the "Calvary Kids" a win. At the Isotopes game, the "Calvary Kids" are delayed from arriving and the "Pre-Teen Braves" take their place singing their version of the national anthem. The crowd becomes angered by the version of the anthem that is being sung and when the real "Calvary Kids" arrive, a fight breaks out between everyone in the crowd. When the image of Marge crying is shown on the Jumbotron, the fighting ends and the sweet soothing hymn of the national anthem of Canada is sung by all present. In the end, Bart and Milhouse sum it up by saying that they've learned that: "War is not the answer--except to all of America's problems."
	Top Words: ['cavalry', 'braves', 'teen', 'pre', 'candy']

	Title: Moe Baby Blues
	Summary: After Moe inadvertently saves Maggie's life, the two begin to develop a bond, to the annoyance of Homer and Marge.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'maggie', 'make live', 'ooo', 'godfather']



Season 15
	Title: Treehouse of Horror XIV
	Summary: Reaper Madness Death comes to the door of the Simpson home looking for Bart. A la a Benny Hill chase the family tries to elude Death. Homer kills Death and suddenly the world is without death. No one can die. Homer puts on Death's robe and suddenly finds himself "The Grim Reaper." He starts doing the job until he has to hug Marge. He gets out of the reaper job by pleading with God, but then he "pulls a fast one" on him by substituting Patty's body for Marge. Frinkenstein Homer gets a call telling him that he's won the Nobel Prize, only the call is really for Professor Frink. So that his father might partake in the awards ceremony, Professor Frink reanimates his father's inactive person. His father's inactive person escapes and goes on a killing spree to collect some replacement body parts. At the awards ceremony in Stockholm the Professor's father tries to make amends with his son for his recent organ harvest, until he sees all the brains filled with knowledge and rampages through the audience. Professor Frink, Jr. stops his father but is able to hold onto his father's soul. Stop the World, I Want to Goof Off Bart and Milhouse get hold of a stopwatch that actually allows them to stop time. They are having a great "time" and almost get away with it, until they are outsmarted by the mayor. On their run from the angry mob, the watch breaks and they are the only two moving in a world where time has stopped. Despite an easy to follow manual for watch repair, it takes the pair 15 years to get the watch repaired and for things to almost get back to normal.
	Top Words: ['nobel prize', 'nobel', 'prize', 'ok', 'lumps']

	Title: My Mother the Carjacker
	Summary: Marge wants Homer and the kids to watch television. The program she wants them to see is a segment of Kent Brockman's news program called "Oops Patrol." She identified a headline containing a reference to the mayor's "erection," as opposed to his election. For her effort, she wins a t-shirt, which makes her the envy of Springfield. Even Homer is jealous and sets out to win his own t-shirt. Homer tries to find his own funny headline, but instead finds a secret message to him contained in the first character of each row in a newspaper article about a giant pizza. "Homer meet me 4th street overpass midnite." Since it is today's paper, he follows his gut (drags Bart along) and keeps the appointment. His rendezvous turns out to be with his mother. Homer tries to help his mother elude the police, but he brings her right into their hands. Mr. Burns wants Mona Simpson to stand trial for the sabotage she did to his germ warfare lab back in the 1960's. On the witness stand, Homer pleads for his mommy, which the jury grants him. Homer enjoys catching up with his mother and steals a room from Flanders' house, for her new room. Mr. Burns is able to exact some revenge on Mona Simpson, by getting her to confess to falsifying her name at the entrance to national parks, which it turns out is a national offense. Homer laments the loss of his mother yet again. Homer hijacks the prison bus, but his mother wants to keep his involvement in her escape unknown and she does this by throwing him off the bus. She is almost successful in evading capture, until the bus goes through a guard rail, sinks into a lake and is subsequently cover by an avalanche of boulders. At her funeral, Homer loses his mother once again, when her coffin rolls down the hill. There is always a chance she will return as the coffin was found to contain last week's garbage. Homer looks for a message from his mother in the news and finds one that seems to satisfy him, but misses out on the one she's actually left for him in a giant taco article that she is alive and has been eating clam chowder, "Rhode Island style with crackers that keep on coming."
	Top Words: ['mona', 'grandma', 'shirt', 'granny', '60s']

	Title: The President Wore Pearls
	Summary: It's Vegas night at Springfield Elementary, where Martin is school class president, and the event is quite a success. Homer wins big and wants his $200,000; but when he and everyone else find out they aren't going to win any real money, there is a riot and Martin is forced to resign. Lisa runs against Nelson for class president. Lisa struggles to fight against Nelson's popularity, she is of course all about the issues, while he isn't. Lisa sings her way into popularity that helps her win the vote. The administration is worried about having a popular president, whom is also smart. They start giving her distractions to keep her from knowing about their plans to remove the music, gym and art programs. Lisa is identified as a sellout, but as her last act as president, she gets all the students to go on strike. After several days, Chalmers wants action and he gets Skinner to transfer Lisa to a school for the gifted and troublesome. While it's Lisa's dream to go there, Homer isn't going to pay for it. Lisa returns to Springfield Elementary, where the programs have been restored thanks to the cancellation of flu shots and the selling of loose cigarettes.
	Top Words: ['strike', 'student', 'nelson', 'skinner', 'president']

	Title: The Regina Monologues
	Summary: The family takes a vacation to London and Grampa meets up with a long lost love of his past.
	Top Words: ['macbeth', 'dench', 'turning', 'england', 'judi dench']

	Title: The Fat and the Furriest
	Summary: It is Mother's Day and Homer goes with the kids to Sprawl-Mart to buy Marge a better gift. They find Abe working there as a greeter and Lisa asks her aunts to help them pick out a gift. Patty and Selma recommend the Kitchen Carnival, which makes food fun. Marge likes the gift, which can deep fry, make cotton candy and caramelize anything. Later that night, Homer creates an 85 lb. sugar ball and he seems to fall in love with his new creation. Marge insists that he get rid off of the ball, which he takes to the dump. At the dump he gets attacked by a bear. He returns home and finds that his attack was covered by the media. He's been labeled a coward and it begins to affect his life. Too combat his fear he needs to attack the bear that bested him, and he constructs a bear attack proof suit. Marge forbids him from using the suit, but he goes anyway. With help from Lenny, Carl, and Bart, Homer goes out into the woods in search of the bear. Of course when he actually encounters the bear, he is without the suit. The bear takes Homer to his cave and Homer removes the tag from the bear that was causing it discomfort. He bonds with the bear and tries to keep it from being hunted. He lends the bear his bear proof suit and it helps to get him to the wildlife sanctuary, where the bear is free to be attacked by other animals.
	Top Words: ['bear', 'cocks gun', 'ahhh', 'cocks', 'got babe']

	Title: Today I am a Clown
	Summary: Maggie is locked in the bathroom and is eventually freed when Lisa goes against the norm and tries their rescue solution a second time. Then the family hears the doorbell. They find Dr. Hibbert at the door; it seems that SLH had impregnated his poodle and he turns over the puppies to the Simpson family and makes them their problem. Despite a book that says that Homer was taking SLH to be neutered, Homer was never able to complete the deed. They distribute the puppies. Lisa and Bart stop by Krusty's house and give him one of the puppies. Krusty takes the dog for a walk and finds that his star is not included on the Jewish walk of fame. He goes to complain and finds out that he was never Bar Mitzvah'd, which means he is technically not Jewish. Bart and Lisa take Krusty to see his father, who agrees to help Krusty achieve his goal. As Saturday is the Sabbath, Krusty gets Homer to replace his show on that day. Homer's replacement show is a talk show, with Moe, Lenny & Carl as his guest panelists. The replacement show becomes a success; meanwhile, Krusty works on learning his Jewish traditions. Homer's show has become so popular that the network decides to fire Krusty. Lisa wants Homer to put his power to good use. Krusty pitches the FOX network on a new show that covers his Bar Mitzvah. Meanwhile, Homer attempts to start covering topics based on Lisa's suggestions, but it becomes a ratings nightmare, resulting in his cancellation. Meanwhile on FOX, Krusty's Bar Mitzvah is a ratings bonanza, but the spectacle disappoints his father. Later at a real Jewish temple, Krusty has a real, almost serious, Bar Mitzvah.
	Top Words: ['bar mitzvah', 'mitzvah', 'krusty', 'bar', 'jewish']

	Title: 'Tis the Fifteenth Season
	Summary: It's Christmastime and at the power plant Mr. Burns passes out Christmas bonuses, a $5 dollar voucher to the cafeteria. For reasons unknown, Mr. Burns gives Homer a "confectioner's card" for Bart featuring a "current baseballer." The "current baseballer" is Joe DiMaggio and it is his rookie card that Homer brings to the Comic Book Guy, where he gets everything he has in the register for the card. With this financial windfall, the Simpson family goes Christmas shopping at the Springfield Heights Promenade, where the rich people shop. Homer spends the remaining portion of his share of the money for a gift for himself (a personalized talking astrolabe) and has no money left to buy the family a nice Christmas tree. Marge and the kids find out what he's spent the money on and are disappointed in him. Spending the night on the couch, Homer watches "Mr. McGrew's Christmas Carol" and the story works its magic on Homer, and Homer wakes with resolve to be good and unselfish. Homer starts helping the less fortunate and his good deeds begin to make Ned Flanders' jealous. To combat against Homer's good reputation, Ned decides to give everyone in Springfield a Christmas present. Homer decides to outdo Flanders, but on advice from Lisa and her Buddhist view of the world, Homer decides to take everyone's presents. Homer and SLH (a la the Grinch) sneak into everyone's home and take all of their presents. The angry mob finds Homer in downtown Springfield. Ned tries to come to Homer's rescue, but a "star" in the sky saves them both and they return the presents. After Moe's failed annual suicide attempt the whole town joins in a rendition of "Hark the Herald Angels Sing."
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'presents', 'selfish', 'convoy', 'santa']

	Title: Marge vs. Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples and Teens, and Gays
	Summary: Bart is trying to watch "The Gator Baiter," when Lisa turns the channel to "Dollhouse Do-Overs." In their ensuing scuffle for the remote, the channel is changed to "Roofi," an entertainer that appeals to very small children. To get the TV back Bart suggests that Marge buy Maggie a "Roofi" CD, which Lisa tries to warn him against. The warning doesn't work; Marge fills the house and family car with the sounds of "Roofi," which drives Homer, Bart and Lisa crazy. Marge takes Maggie to an outdoor "Roofi" concert being held at Cletus's farm. The concert turns into a disaster and the babies begin to riot. After paying $1 million in additional taxes to help pay for the damage the babies caused, the single (and other childless) adults of Springfield join SSCCATAGAPP (Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples And Teens And Gays Against Parasitic Parents) and begin to revolt against children. "Children are the future, today belongs to me." Marge takes up the cause on behalf of the children and works to get voter sponsored initiative proposition on the ballot. Marge forms PPASSCCATAG (Proud Parents Against Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples And Teens And Gays). The tobacco lobby tries to endorse Marge's cause, but she won't take their money; however, Mr. Burns signs her petition and others soon follow. Her "Families Come First" proposition #242 gets on the ballot. Homer's attempts to help Marge's initiative, but his kind of help might only hurt it. Bart and Lisa (well Lisa anyway) come up with a plan to get Marge's prop 242 passed. It seems the members of SSCCATAGAPP have no immunity against children.
	Top Words: ['roofi', 'families', 'clean plate', 'floor don', 'floor']

	Title: I, (Annoyed Grunt)-Bot
	Summary: Milhouse comes over with a Psycho Cycle bike conversion kit, which they use on Bart's bike to make it look cooler. While riding the modified bike, they are hassled by older boys with "big boy" bikes. It makes Bart wish for a ten-speed bike. To get a new bike Bart sacrifices his old bike right in front of Dr. Hibbert's Mercedes. As Dr. Hibbert leaves his Mercedes then runs over Snowball II and Lisa is devastated. Bart and Homer get Bart a new bike, but it needs to be assembled and Homer tries to do his best. The bike falls apart when Bart tries to show it off to the older boys. Later Bart and Homer are watching "Robot Rumble" and the father and son teams inspire Homer to try building a robot for them to enter in competition but Bart leads Homer to believe that Bart thinks he is an oaf. Marge and Lisa look for a new cat and Lisa finds a new one that she calls Snowball III. Homer tries to build a robot, but his result is a failure. Homer looks to his father for inspiration and becomes a robot instead of building one. Bart wakes to find Homer's robot in his room, which is actually Homer inside of large metal shell powered by a tricycle. Lisa finds that Snowball III has drowned in the fish tank. Bart competes on "Robot Rumble," with the robot he's called "Chief Knock-A-Homer," but Homer is nowhere to be found. Homer, hidden inside the robot, manages to win his first match, but only after he receives numerous cuts and bruises. Lisa gets (and quickly loses) a new cat named Coltrane. Chief Knock-A-Homer quickly works his way into the finals, but Bart is sorry that his father hasn't been able to see any of the Chief's victories. The Chief's final match is scheduled to be against Professor Frink and his son's deadly looking robot. Lisa, depressed about her propensity to hug cats, is surprised when a crazy lady leaves her with a new cat. Lisa sees that new cat looks hug proof, and decides to call it Snowball II and forgot the whole dead cat thing ever happened. After the first round of the finals Bart discovers the secret inside of Chief Knock-A-Homer and thinks his dad is even cooler for doing that. The match is stopped in the second round when Homer's presence in the robot is revealed to everyone. The law of robotics saves Homer's life and the Frink robot goes out its way to make Homer comfortable. Nature's greatest killing machine is declared the winner.
	Top Words: ['robot', 'bike', 'knock homer', 'coltrane', 'snowball']

	Title: Diatribe of a Mad Housewife
	Summary: Homer compromises the power plant's security system and as a result gets fired. Marge and the kids go to a bookstore and while there she sits in a on a book reading and then asks the author if anyone can write a book. The answer gives Marge an idea. Meanwhile, Homer has gotten a job as a car salesman; but there is an ambulance on the lot that seduces Homer into quitting that job and becoming an ambulance driver. Marge wants to start writing her novel and Homer agrees to watch the kids, while putting in his night shift as an ambulance driver. Marge completes her novel and lets Lisa read it. Seeing one of the characters is hard on her father, Lisa suggests that Marge let Homer read the novel. Homer makes an attempt, fails and tells her that he did. Marge gets her novel published and the kids worry that if Homer ever reads it or sees it as a MADtv sketch, he will be heartbroken. Marge's novel comes out and everyone in Springfield is talking about it. Homer gets the book on tape version, as read by the Olsen twins, and finds out what everyone is talking about. Mad Homer chases after Flanders to do something he should have taken care of a long time ago.
	Top Words: ['temperance', 'book', 'novel', 'barrows', 'ambulance']

	Title: Margical History Tour
	Summary: Marge, the kids and Milhouse go to the library where they find there are no longer any books on the shelves. With no books for reference, the kids are in danger of not being able to write their reports. Fortunately, Marge knows some history and relates to the children the following tales: Henry VIII (Homer) tries to find a wife that will bear him a son. Lewis and Clark (Lenny and Carl) get assistance from Sacagawea (Lisa) in their quest to explore the western territories. Mozart (Bart) the musical child prodigy wows them in 18th century Austria, while his sister (Lisa) fights for her own musical identity.
	Top Words: ['butt butt', 'henry', 'mozart', 'sire', 'emperor']

	Title: Milhouse Doesn't Live Here Anymore
	Summary: On a school field trip to the Museum of Television and TV Milhouse shows that he has developed a new attitude where he just doesn't care. Meanwhile Mr. Burns has moved Homer, Lenny and Carl to an offsite location (Moe's) so that they don't ruin a visit by the plant's board of directors. Apu and Manjula stop by celebrating their anniversary, making Homer realize he hasn't gotten anything for his anniversary with Marge. He gets extremely drunk and finds himself dancing' on the street where people, thinking he is homeless, start giving him money. Milhouse reveals the secret to his new attitude is the fact that he and his mother are moving to Capitol City, where they are going to get a fresh start. Both Bart and Kirk Van Houten are going to have to learn to get along without Milhouse being around. Bart tries to adapt to a world without Milhouse, especially after a visit to Milhouse in Capitol City makes him realize that things will never be the same. In the meantime, Homer has begun begging as a second job when he realizes he can make good money that allows him to buy Marge an expensive anniversary gift. With Milhouse out of his life, Bart finds himself bonding with his sister and she is enjoying the new relationship with her brother; a relationship that gets tested when Kirk gets "pity custody" of Milhouse and Marge is enlightened by the homeless on Homer's second source of income.
	Top Words: ['scots', 'milhouse', 'springfield baby', 'cap city', 'mound']

	Title: Smart & Smarter
	Summary: Apu and Manjula are signing up two of the octuplets for Miss Wickerbottom's Pre-Nursery School and after a verbal exchange with Dr. Hibbert, Homer decides they should do the same for Maggie. Because she can't talk, she doesn't pass the initial screening. Afterwards Lisa discovers that even though Maggie can't talk she does show signs of brilliance. Another screening at the pre-pre school shows of her talents and reveals that she has a higher IQ than Lisa. Maggie's new brilliance leaves Lisa searching for a new identity, since she no longer has her status as "the smart one." Lisa tries stand-up comedy, becoming a goth Ravencrone Neversmiles,' cheerleader, rapper, soccer player, cowgirl; none of which workout for her. After she is discovered trying to sabotage her sister's education Lisa leaves home with 2 to her name. She decides to stay at the Natural History Museum, where her family is sure to never find her; however Springfield's "finest" do discover her location and they bring the family to help them find her. An accident gets Marge, Bart and Homer trapped in an exhibit and they look to Maggie to get them out, but Maggie's secret to her brilliance is nowhere to be found.
	Top Words: ['maggie', 'button', 'eh er', 'muh', 'phonic']

	Title: The Ziff Who Came to Dinner
	Summary: Homer tries to take the kids (Bart, Lisa Rod & Todd) to a movie; meanwhile Ned has taken the seniors for ice cream to celebrate Jasper's birthday. With all the kid friendly movies sold out, Homer (on Lenny's recommendation he's in the movie) takes the kids to see "The Re-Deadening" a horror film that really scares the children. So much so that Bart and Lisa begin hearing noises from the attic. They try to investigate, but their fears scare them out of the attic. They get Homer to lead an investigation into the attic and they find that Artie Ziff has been living there. Ziff tells them why he is living in their attic, his Internet business failed and he's lost everything. He wants to stay there and promises to be on his best behavior until he gets back on his feet. Artie stays, but Marge sees a news report that the SEC is looking for Artie Ziff. Meanwhile, Artie is playing poker with Homer and his friends. Artie puts up 98% of his remaining stock to make a bet and Homer wins the pot, just as the SEC sweeps in to arrest Ziff. Homer (as majority stockholder) is taken into custody. Homer is put on trial and sentenced to ten years in prison. Marge tells Artie that the only reason no one likes him is because he only thinks of himself, which he soon begins to realize and after a night of passion with the only Bouvier sister (Selma) he can have he Ziff turns over his corporate books and Homer is exonerated.
	Top Words: ['artie', 'ziff', 'squirt', 'squirt squirt', 'artie artie']

	Title: Co-Dependent's Day
	Summary: Homer, Lisa and Bart get tickets for the latest chapter of "Cosmic Wars." The movie wasn't what they hoped it would be. Marge suggests that the kids write a letter expressing their dissatisfaction to creator Randall Curtis. Two weeks later when they get a stock letter in reply and they ask if they can go to the "Cosmic Wars Ranch" and complain in person. The family (sans Maggie) goes to Northern California. While Marge and Homer go on a winery tour, Bart and Lisa go to the ranch to find the creator and make their feelings known. After Bart and Lisa have their meeting with Curtis they rejoin their parents, who they find are both drunk on free samples they had at the winery. Marge and Homer are really enjoying their wine together, but following one of their nights of drinking Marge finds herself with a hangover. They agree that she can stop drinking and they can still have fun together. They go to Oktoberfest and Marge almost gets away with not drinking, but drink she does and they both leave the drunk, with Homer driving. After he drives their car off the road, Homer decides to make it look like Marge (who is somewhat passed out) was behind the wheel. The police arrest Marge; Homer is nowhere to be found at the time and he later bails her out. Barney suggests a rehab clinic for Marge to start attending. Homer finds out that Marge is going to be gone for a month, he asks Flanders to watch the kids while he goes to break her out of rehab. He finds her and confesses his guilt, which makes her angry and she starts drinking again. After some heavy drinking, Marge realizes that it isn't drinking that she liked; it was being together with Homer. She gets Homer and together they leave, after Homer promises to cut out drinking all clear liquors.
	Top Words: ['li', 'cosmic wars', 'curtis', 'cosmic', 'drinking']

	Title: Wandering Juvie
	Summary: The family is at a downtown department store, where among other things Lisa looks at the latest in fashion for young girls, Marge gets some rejuvenating cream, Homer uses the dressing room for something other than trying clothes on, and Seymour and Edna are selecting some wedding china. Bart uses the wedding gift registry to sign himself and his bride "Lotta Cooties" for wedding presents. He invites a number of people to attend his wedding and he plans to return all the unused gifts for store credit. He gets all the gifts delivered but he gets caught by Chief Wiggum. The judge sentences Bart to six months of juvenile detention. Bart tries to find his way at the center, and when Homer becomes a guard, it doesn't improve his situation at all. The boys and girls are brought together for dance lessons, but Bart's partner Gina decides that they have an opportunity for escape and since they've been handcuffed together, she brings him along. Out on the lam together they become attached, even after they've gone to a blacksmith to get their cuffs removed; because when Gina is on her own she knows she has nothing to return to, whereas Bart has a family. When the pair is found, Gina makes a confession that makes it so Bart is free to return to his family.
	Top Words: ['juvie', 'wedding', 'store credit', 'sinister chuckling', 'kisses']

	Title: My Big Fat Geek Wedding
	Summary: Principal Seymour Skinner and Ms. Edna Krabappel are finally getting married. Edna has a great bachelorette party at the Simpson house, featuring Duffman and a top-less Chief Wiggum; meanwhile at Seymour's bachelor party at Moe's, he confesses to Homer the fact that he is getting cold feet. When the actual event is about to occur, Edna has second thoughts; feeling that Seymour has never been on board with this whole idea all along. Edna runs from the ceremony. Unknowingly both Homer and Marge are each with the pair in an attempt to get them back together. The attempt fails when the state of Homer and Marge's own marriage gets in the way. Edna returns a gift to the Comic Book Guy. She becomes charmed by his banter and agrees to accompany him to lunch. Homer tries having Seymour serenade Edna, but they discover she's seeing Comic Book Guy. The family goes to Bi-Mon-Sci-Fi-Con to try to keep Edna from making a big mistake. After seeing Futurama creator Matt Groening, they find Edna being proposed to by a Klingon clad Comic Book Guy. Seymour enters wearing a Catwoman outfit and begins battling Comic Book Guy. Edna stops the fight, and tells the pair that neither man is for her. Now Homer must make some amends to Marge to keep his marriage together.
	Top Words: ['edna', 'skinner', 'oh edna', 'edna oh', 'principal']

	Title: Catch 'Em If You Can
	Summary: Bart lectures the other students on water balloons and after hitting Lisa with one he gets into a fight with her all the way home. Marge tells the pair that they are going to Dayton, Ohio to celebrate Uncle Tyrone's birthday. Bart and Lisa aren't thrilled with the idea and get to stay home. As a family activity they rent a video, "Love Story" and Bart and Lisa are bored by it such that they ruin any moment the film might have created for Homer and Marge. Homer and Marge look forward to their trip without the kids and on a whim they decide to forgo seeing Uncle Tyrone and get on a plane to Miami. Lisa and Bart are aware that the hotel in Dayton where Marge and Homer were supposed to be staying was wiped out by a tornado. Bart discovers there parents are in Miami. They get Grandpa to take them there. While Bart and Lisa find their parents, Grandpa goes looking for companionship. Marge and Homer see the kids waiting for them so they take off again, only Bart and Lisa are on their trail. Homer and Marge are in Atlantic City when they spot the kids so they go on the run from them in an instrumental musical montage. Meanwhile Abe has found companionship in Miami with a man named Raoul who appreciates his rambling stories. Homer and Marge finally find themselves in Niagara Falls, but the kids are their as well. Feeling a little guilty Bart and Lisa decide to give their parents their space and go to the amusement park only to find their parents are already there. Homer and Marge run from the pair only to find refuge in a giant inflatable castle, which their lovemaking antics cause to fall into the Niagara River. The couple floats toward the falls and certain death only to be saved by their large floatation device. Later back in Springfield, Ned and Rod Flanders receive their credit card bills.
	Top Words: ['tyrone', 'miami', '00 00', 'hotel', 'uncle']

	Title: Simple Simpson
	Summary: Homer is intrigued by a commercial that talks about a contest that will allow the winner, the finder of a golden ticket, a trip to "Farmer Billy's Bacon Factory." Homer buys a lot of pork products but is only able to find a silver ticket, which allows him to judge the pig competition at the county fair. When Homer sees an injustice being done to Lisa's entry in the place setting competition, he decides to take action. Remembering Chief Wiggum's warning about felony assault, he disguises himself as "Pie Man" and delivers a pie in the face as revenge. He disappears as quickly as he came, making Springfield wonder if they will ever see him again. When Bart gets ripped off by Comic Book Guy, "Pie Man" delivers some "key lime justice." The police decide that "Pie Man" needs to be stopped and they shoot him when he makes his next appearance. He takes time out from his fleeing to save Marge and then kisses her, even though she tells him she's a married woman. Later at home, the wounded Homer makes a promise to Lisa (who's figured out his disguise) that he will stop his pie avenging. When Mr. Burns goes too far, "Pie Man" makes another appearance, but his escape from the plant is thwarted by his own laziness. Mr. Burns turns him into his personal hit man. Homer finds himself in a dilemma when Mr. Burns wants him to deliver a pie in the face of Lisa's Buddhist hero the Dalai Lama. When he comes clean in front of a crowd, no one believes that he was capable of being the "Pie Man," only his family believes in him.
	Top Words: ['pie man', 'pie', 'bacon', 'golden ticket', 'man pie']

	Title: The Way We Weren't
	Summary: Homer and Bart get into a fight over using a beer bottle to kiss girls which land them in Simpson family court, where Lisa presides as judge. While giving testimony Marge tells the kids that Homer's first kiss was with her in high school. He confesses that it wasn't his first kiss. Back when he was ten he went to camp See-A-Tree (for underprivileged boys). Here he meets Lenny, Carl and Moe. The boys go to the girl's camp where they work in the kitchen. After Homer returns the retainer to the girl who lost it he gets the opportunity to meet her later that night. He tells the kids she was the prettiest girl he'd ever seen, until he later met their mother. Marge reveals that the girl was her. Marge tells the story from her perspective. At the girls camp, Land-A-Man, we find Marge, Patty, Selma, Helen (Lovejoy), Cookie Kwan. When she met Homer that it was she who first kisses him and then they have the perfect kiss. They agree to meet again the following night, but Homer doesn't show. Marge says it was years before she could trust another boy. Homer explains why he didn't return for a second date. After he left her he fell off a cliff into the lake and drifted to the shores of "Camp Flab-Away," which featured Quimby, Wiggum and Comic Book Guy as some of the overweight campers. Homer manages to escape and gets to Marge's camp, but arrives after she's left. Now that Marge knows the truth Homer hopes for her forgiveness. She doesn't believe he really cared all those years ago, until he pulls the other piece of her broken heart out of his memory box.
	Top Words: ['camp', 'elvis', 'kiss', 'sobbing', 'girls']

	Title: Bart-Mangled Banner
	Summary: It's shot day and Bart tries to evade the needle. Dr. Hibbert manages to get the job done but Bart suffers a side effect of temporary hearing loss from the shot and he takes advantage of it for all it's worth. At Springfield Elementary the annual Donkey basketball tournament is being held. During the playing of The Star Spangled Banner Bart has his shorts eaten by a donkey, leaving his bare ass exposed towards the flag. Martin snaps a picture and everyone present is outraged at this behavior. As a result the Simpson family becomes very unpopular. They go on a cable news channel and only manage to dig themselves into a deeper hole when the host manages to twist Marge's words into saying that Springfield hates America. The negative publicity causes Mayor Quimby to change the name of the town to Liberty-Ville and they make everything patriotic. The family is arrested under violation of the "government knows best act" and they are brought to a reeducation center. The last registered Democrat tells them how they can escape. During their musical number they escape through a tunnel but find they were on Alcatraz. They are rescued by a passing French freighter and taken to France. After being there a while they decide they miss their life in America and go back as illegal immigrants.
	Top Words: ['america', 'bart pass', 'country', 'flag', 'hate']

	Title: Fraudcast News
	Summary: Lisa is going to read a poem at the town's celebration of their natural landmark "Geezer Rock," but Homer who believes he is doing the right thing removes a bush from the landmark that causes it to fall apart. Mr. Burns is caught in the landslide and Smithers fears he is lost. Lisa is disappointed that no one got to hear her poem and Marge suggests that she get it published. To Smithers' delight, Mr. Burns has survived the landslide by slithering his way out however; he is annoyed to find out that no one missed him when they thought he was lost. He decides to buy every media outlet in town. Lisa distributes the first issue of her own newspaper "The Red Dress Press," which is a success. Now she has to get out a second issue and she enlists the help of her fellow children. Meanwhile, Mr. Burns has taken control of all the media outlets in Springfield, except one, her newspaper. Mr. Burns tries to seduce Lisa into selling out but she won't give up. Now Mr. Burns starts to play hardball, he cuts the power to the Simpson home. Principal Skinner offers Lisa the use of an old mimeograph machine, which gets her latest issue out. Mr. Burns talks with Homer to get the dirt on Lisa, that Homer readily supplies and Burns uses this information against her. Lisa is ready to give up and Homer realizing what he's done responds by printing a newspaper of his own. Homer's paper inspires others to think to begin to think for themselves and soon everyone is printing their own newspaper.
	Top Words: ['burns', 'geezer', 'media', 'rock', 'mr burns']



Season 16
	Title: Treehouse of Horror XV
	Summary: The Ned Zone Ned develops a sixth sense that allows him to see the deaths of everyone he touches. When he sees himself hug Homer, he tries his best to keep his vision from coming true. Four Beheadings and a Funeral A take on the Jack the Ripper story that casts Lisa and Bart as Eliza Simpson and Dr. Bartley, who try to discover the identity of the "Mutton Chop Murderer." In the Belly of the Boss A parody of Fantastic Voyage in which the Simpson family goes on a rescue mission after Maggie is accidentally shrunk and ingested by Mr. Burns.
	Top Words: ['murderer', 'eel', 'capsule', 'frisbee', 'opium']

	Title: All's Fair in Oven War
	Summary: The house next door is for sale and Marge and Homer go inside to check it out; Marge falls in love with the kitchen. Back at home Marge asks Homer for a new kitchen. Rather than hire someone, Homer decides to do the renovation himself. While demolishing the kitchen, Homer unleashes his old collection of Playdude magazines. He tells Marge he keeps them for the articles; she obliges him by cutting up the magazines, keeping only the articles. Now that they are useless, Homer throws them away, only to have them found by Bart and Milhouse. Using these 1970's era magazines as a model, Bart decides to renovate the Treehouse. After Homer has made a mess of the kitchen remodeling, Marge is finally able to hire a contractor, who completes the job "on-time" two years later for $100,000. Marge's first new dish out of her kitchen gets rave reviews and she decides to enter the Ovenfresh Bakeoff with her Dessert Dogs. At the bakeoff Marge encounters stiff and ruthless competition, so ruthless that Marge resorts to cheating to get even, much to Lisa's dismay. Chief Wiggum and other concerned parents talk with Homer about Bart's spreading the Playdude philosophy to the other children. Homer has a talk with Bart about the facts of life, which a horrified Bart quickly spreads to the other children. Meantime, in the finals for the bakeoff against Brandine, Marge admits to her foul play and Lisa's faith in her mother is restored.
	Top Words: ['ovenfresh', 'playdude', 'auntie', 'kitchen', 'contractor']

	Title: Sleeping With the Enemy
	Summary: Lisa has a big butt and her friends at school, Sherri, Terri and Janie let her know about it. Homer explains to her about the Simpson butt, it is something she'll have to learn to live with. Bart comes home with 100 on his test, and now he wants to collect on the party that was promised. Lisa is trying to deal with her weight issue, meanwhile Bart gets his party; with his relatives, Ralph, Martin and Milhouse via speakerphone. It's the worst party ever as far as Bart's concerned. It's made worse when Lisa returns home only to be confronted by her mother wanting her to eat a big slice piece of cake, she runs out of the room crying. Marge is bummed that the kids don't appreciate her anymore. She finds Nelson in the park and spends some quality time with him and when her kids continue to shun her, she adopts Nelson as a surrogate child. Lisa tries diet and exercise to reduce her big bottom. Marge brings Nelson home to do some chores around their home, but Nelson's real mother returns that money that Marge paid her son and then she leaves for Hollywood, leaving her son in Springfield and homeless. Nelson goes to the only place where he can find refuge, the Simpson home. Much to Bart's dismay Marge lets Nelson stay in his room. Late one night Bart finds Nelson singing for the return of his father and Lisa overindulging in a cake (she'd previously been starving herself). Lisa gets help from Nelson to get revenge on Sherri and Terri. When the pair returns to the Simpson home there is a surprise waiting for Nelson; Bart has found his father. Nelson is reunited with his father (and his mother who's returned from Hollywood with an acting job). Lisa still hasn't found a conclusive solution to her weight problem.
	Top Words: ['duck duck', 'duck', 'nelson', 'stink stink', 'party']

	Title: She Used to Be My Girl
	Summary: Famous journalist Chloe Talbot comes to Springfield to cover a scandal involving Mayor Quimby. Chloe Talbot comes from Springfield and she and Marge were journalism students together in high school; Chloe went on to fame and fortune and we all know what happened to Marge. Lisa becomes enamored with Chloe and Marge becomes jealous of loss of her daughter's attention. After a half a glass of wine, Marge goes cuckoo bananas and gets into a fight with Chloe. When Marge won't let her go with Chloe to news conference, Lisa sneaks out and into the trunk of Chloe's car. Everything might have gone according to plan if Chloe hadn't been diverted to cover the eruption of a volcano. Lisa and Chloe get into trouble and it takes a mother's love to affect Lisa's rescue, whereas Chloe's rescue comes from an old high school boyfriend, Barney Gumble.
	Top Words: ['chloe', 'mayor', 'journalism', 'lava', 'save lisa']

	Title: Fat Man and Little Boy
	Summary: Bart loses his last baby tooth in a spitball fight. Called the money tooth, Bart is suffering from what he calls a midlife crisis when the tooth fairy has given a gift in his name to the United Way, what his mother calls a "grown-up gift." Bart gives up on his childhood and Lisa suggests that he expresses his feelings in some way and Bart chooses to put them in the form of slogans on a T-shirt. When Goose Gladwell, a gag-gift entrepreneur, sees the slogans he forms a partnership with Bart that begins to make Bart a lot of money. Homer is suspended from work without pay and then decides to quit outright and live off of his son's earnings. Of course he loses his place in the family as breadwinner and starts to lose his self respect. A documentary by Declan Desmond on lions inspires Homer to start focusing on his relationship with Lisa. He decides to help her with her science project about nuclear power, which includes a scale model of the first nuclear power plant. Homer improves on her model by making it functional, something easily done after finding the instructions on the Internet. He sneaks into the power plant and get some plutonium. Meanwhile, Goose Gladwell has sold the rights to Bart's T-Shirts to Disney and Bart won't get a dime from it. To get back into his role as the alpha male of the family, Homer makes use of the working nuclear reactor to threaten Gladwell into giving his son what he deserves and few novelty items for himself. As to whether the reactor actually works or not, Homer decides to leave that up to the seagulls at the city dump to figure it out.
	Top Words: ['shirts', 'extra extra', 'tooth', 'shirt', 'tooth fairy']

	Title: Midnight Rx
	Summary: The power plant's office party is being held at the Springfield Air and Space museum, where amongst other things we learn that Agnes Skinner was a wing-walker back in the 1920s. Mr. Burns is acting unusually nice, and then he makes an announcement that the employee prescription drug program has been canceled. Other companies follow suit, the citizens of Springfield At Springfield Retirement Castle, due to the high cost of medication, they cut their residents off cold turkey. Grandpa goes to his son's home with a plan; he has a friend that will help them out. He and Homer go to Canada where they meet the friend that gives them cards that will let them get all the drugs they can carry. They return home and their drugs are in high demand. Ned and Apu accompany them on their next trip to Canada, but an unfortunate incident with Apu and a hot cup of coffee gets their cover blown as they try to cross the border. They are banished from ever returning to Canada. Because he can no longer afford the medication he requires Smithers' thyroid begins to swell causing a concern for Mr. Burns, he doesn't want to have to train anyone else on his filing system. He provides the means, his old wooden plane The Plywood Pelican, for Homer to invoke his plan to fly into Canada. They load up, but on the return flight the plane encounters trouble. Burns bails out, leaving Homer and Grandpa to crash land the plane in Springfield's town square, where their smuggled drugs are hit. Meanwhile, Mr. Burns has cured Smithers and decides to reinstitute the drug program for all his full time employees. Homer comes home from work to report that he is now a freelance consultant, complete with a lump on his throat.
	Top Words: ['drug', 'drugs', 'restraint', 'burns', 'bla']

	Title: Mommie Beerest
	Summary: The family is celebrating by having brunch at a fancy restaurant; Homer has finally paid off the mortgage. Lisa and Bart get into a food fight, embarrassing Homer. Homer goes to Moe's, where a visit from the health inspector, results in his death from eating one of Moe's pickled eggs. The new health inspector comes down hard and Moe's is closed until the violations are cleared up. The regulars hold an Irish wake for the demise of Moe's. Homer decides to help Moe reopen his bar; and he gets a new mortgage for their home. When Marge finds out, as a new co-owner she goes with Homer to the bar and tells Moe that there are going to be changes until he pays them back. On Homer's next visit, he finds Marge behind the bar, protecting their investment. She sends him home to take care of the kids, while she sells Moe on the idea of remodeling the place into an English pub. The new place opens and is a success; the kids tell Homer that they've noticed that Marge is spending more time at Moe's than he ever did. Homer becomes worried; but Marge tells him there is nothing to worry about. They go to a movie together, but they are joined by Moe. Homer is more worried than ever; Lenny and Carl tell Homer that Marge and Moe are having an emotional affair. When Marge and Moe are leaving to go to a convention together in Aruba, Homer makes a mad dash to the airport and gets to the airplane as it is taxing down the runaway. He confronts Moe, but Moe makes him realize that he really doesn't know that much about his wife. Homer concedes defeat, but Marge tells Moe that she doesn't love him. She tells Homer that she is totally committed to him. In Aruba, Marge makes Moe realize that he might be able to make a woman happy some day with a few changes. Marge realizes that no one is home watching the kids, but the kids aren't at home as Bart has them entered in a European balloon race.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'cuckold', 'aruba', 'flight', 'moe going']

	Title: Homer and Ned's Hail Mary Pass
	Summary: The family goes to run down Springfield Park, where a carnival is being held to save it. Homer performs a wild crowd-pleasing dance at a local carnival, after beating Bart's performance in a game. Ned Flanders has captured the performance on videotape and Comic Book Guy (Jeff Albertson) puts it up on the Internet. The video gets worldwide attention, much to Homer's embarrassment but his tune changes when a football player wants to buy the rights to use his dance as his own end zone celebration. Homer turns the opportunity into a new lucrative occupation, which prospers as other athletes come to learn from him. Meanwhile Ned looks to create his own wholesome entertainment by creating his own versions of bible stories, which get the backing of Mr. Burns. Marge doesn't like his approach, which eliminates the good aspects of the stories, and only concentrates on the violence. She threatens a boycott, which gets Burns to remove his financial backing, leaving Ned with no creative outlet. The commissioner of football (and all the owners) want to talk to Homer, his teaching of crazy antics to their players have increased their ratings. They want him to choreograph the Superbowl half-time show. Homer struggles for a show idea and on the night before the big show he still doesn't have one. Homer looks for inspiration at the church, but instead finds Flanders, who is looking for an outlet for his ideas. Together they bring the story of Noah to the half-time show, but everyone boos as no one wanted to see such a "blatant display of religion and decency."
	Top Words: ['halftime', 'super bowl', 'bowl halftime', 'super bowl halftime', 'bowl']

	Title: Pranksta Rap
	Summary: Fearing punishment from Marge and Homer, Bart decides to fake his own kidnapping rather than admit that he went to the rap concert that he was told not to go to. Things get interesting when Chief Wiggum, seeking to improve his tarnished reputation, investigates the kidnapping and wrongly arrests Kirk Van Houten as Bart's kidnapper.
	Top Words: ['rap', 'yo', 'kidnapped', 'baby boy', 'commissioner']

	Title: There's Something About Marrying
	Summary: Bart and Milhouse look for someone new to play tricks on and they find their new victim in Howell Huser, a yokel who just fell of the turnip truck. Their pranks get Howell Huser to stop smiling and he leaves town, only to turn up on the Soft News Network reporting that Springfield is the only town he's been to that he doesn't like. The negative publicity affects tourism. Mayor Quimby calls for the town to give him ideas to promote tourism and Lisa suggests they start allowing same sex marriages. The idea is approved and Springfield becomes the place to be for same sex couples to get married. When Reverend Lovejoy won't perform the ceremonies, Homer can't pass up the opportunity to make money and he becomes a certified minister via the Internet. He marries all the gay couples in town and then starts to marry anything to anything else. Patty requires Homer's service; she wants to marry her partner, Veronica, who is a pro-golfer. Marge has trouble dealing with the fact that her sister is gay. Marge discovers Veronica's secret, that she is really a man. Marge stops the wedding and reveals the secret, and when Leslie Robin Swisher (Veronica's real name) proposes that they still get married, she sticks to her guns, she still likes only girls.
	Top Words: ['veronica', 'patty', 'gay', 'marriage', 'aunt patty']

	Title: On a Clear Day I Can't See My Sister
	Summary: The students of Springfield Elementary are on a field trip to Springfield's Glacier, but when they get there, the glacier is a shadow of its former self, a huge pond with a hardly noticeable block of ice. Lisa (of course) blames global warming. While Lisa is calling for action to save the glacier, her brother is taking every opportunity to torment her. Meanwhile, back in town Homer and Marge have gone to Sprawl Mart to do some shopping. When Grampa (Sprawl Mart's greeter) isn't capable of doing his job, Homer takes over and does such a great job it gets him a full time position with no chance for advancement. Lisa has vengeance on Bart by getting a restraining order against him, he must stay at least 20 feet away from her at all times, or go to jail. Chief Wiggum shows the family a videotape hosted by Gary Busey on how to live with a restraining order. For his part Homer constructs a 20 foot pole that Lisa can use to help keep them apart. It impacts Bart's life at home and school. At family court, after Bart points out some obvious flaws in her character, Judge Harm increases the distance to 200 feet. Having to live at the edge of their property, Bart decides to embrace living the natural way. Homer finds out from his fellow employees how to survive working at Sprawl Mart. And mistakenly feeling that Bart might have changed, Lisa decides to forgive him and burn up the restraining order.
	Top Words: ['restraining', 'restraining order', 'order', 'look heart', 'sprawl mart']

	Title: Goo Goo Gai Pan
	Summary: Mr. Burns is taking his driving test and Selma is having hot flashes. Dr. Hibbert diagnoses that she is going through menopause. After seeing a video on the topic hosted by Robert Wagner, Selma is disappointed to learn that she'll never be able to have children. Patty suggests that she try adoption and Lisa suggests China. Only to qualify, Selma needs a husband who must go with her to China to collect their child. She fills out the form with the name: Homer Simpson. Selma flies the Simpson family to China. At Marge's request, Homer goes along with the charade. Under the supervision of Madam Wu, a Chinese functionary, the family, with Marge as the children's nanny takes a tour of the sites. For his occupation, Homer tells Madam Wu that he is a Chinese acrobat, and of course later his services in that capacity are called into action. Selma gets her child, a daughter named Ling Bouvier, only to have her taken away after Madam Wu sees Marge snuggling with Homer. At the airport, Lisa comes up with a plan to get Ling back. Homer poses as a Buddha statue to get inside the orphanage. Only Madam Wu stops them with a tank in Tien An Men Square. Selma appeals to Madam Wu, bureaucrat to bureaucrat and it works. Selma, her new daughter and the family are allowed to leave China via a junk.
	Top Words: ['ling', 'adoption', 'selma', 'acrobat', 'jub']

	Title: Mobile Homer
	Summary: Marge takes the kids on a Sunday drive while Homer is at home attempting to clean out the garage. After Homer suffers a garage-door-to-the-throat incident, Marge wants them to buy life insurance. Homer however is deemed uninsurable. Fearing that with no insurance for Homer they will go broke, Marge starts cost-cutting measures. Homer is against these new measures and takes the nest egg that Marge has made and spends it on the down payment for a new motor home. Marge tells him to enjoy being the king of his new castle, because she is no longer speaking to him. Homer is now living in the RV in the backyard and he and Marge try to entice Bart and Lisa to come and stay with them. Homer then opens up the backyard as a RV park, until Marge puts an end to it and they get into a big fight, which makes Bart and Lisa take action. Bart decides they need to take the RV back to the dealer. Homer and Marge try to stop the pair who has managed to get the RV onto the freeway. The RV crashes onto a Turkish container ship, which is leaving port. With the right enticement, mushroom soup, Marge gets the ship to turn around, saving the children and what is left of the RV. The RVs fate is determined when Homer try to put it on the dock.
	Top Words: ['rv', 'motor home', 'constantinople', 'brenda', 'istanbul']

	Title: The Seven-Beer Snitch
	Summary: The family visits Shelbyville and are appalled at the perception those citizens have of the inhabitants of Springfield. Back in town, Marge brings it to the attention of the Springfield Cultural Advisory Board and then asks architect Frank Gehry to design and build a new Springfield cultural center. He sees inspiration in her request and submits a design that is approved by the town. $30 million dollars later, the project is built and it opens and closes quickly as nobody in town really cares for classical music. Mr. Burns agree to take over the space, with his plan to turn it into a state prison. Homer applies for a job as a guard, but fails the drug test after Otto switches their samples. Meanwhile, Bart and Lisa follow Snowball II, when they believe the reason she is so fat is that she is getting food from elsewhere; after following her they discover she has another family. Burns needs convicts for his prison and Chief Wiggum blows the dust of some old forgotten laws. Homer is arrested for illegally transporting litter (kicking a can 5 times in a row). In prison Homer inadvertently squeals on Snake's escape attempt and is drafted to becoming a snitch and he begins enjoy the perks that go along with it. Snowball II ("Smoky") enjoys life with her new family and Bart gets into the home to find out; there is plenty of good eating to be found there. Fat Tony and his boys try to find out who the snitch is. They feed Homer information regarding a breakout. While all the guards are outside waiting for the breakout, the prisoners are taking care of their snitch and a riot ensues. The riot is stopped and Homer snitches on the conditions of the prison.
	Top Words: ['gehry', 'prison', 'snitch', 'smokey', 'rat']

	Title: Future-Drama
	Summary: Bart and Lisa find themselves in Prof. Frink's basement and he uses the science of astrology on his new computer to show them their future, eight years from next Tuesday. In this future, Maggie is away on a trip to Alaska; Homer and Marge have separated and Bart and Lisa are getting ready for prom. Lisa's date is Milhouse, who and Bart is dating a skateboard chick named Jenda. Lisa is graduating 2 years early and is going to Yale (now owned by McDonalds) on a scholarship funded by Mr. Burns as punishment for stealing Christmas. Bart is also graduating and is ready to move to the next level of his relationship with Jenda, he wants to marry her but his vision of their future together makes her break it off. Working his part-time job at the Kwik-E-Mart, Bart winds up saving Mr. Burns life while delivering groceries. As a reward Mr. Burns gives him the scholarship that Lisa was to receive. Bart is back with Jenda, now that he has a future, but Bart finds his way back in Prof. Frink's old basement and sees Lisa's bleak future with Milhouse. He does the right thing and keeps her from destroying her life.
	Top Words: ['jenda', 'yale', 'astrology', 'moleman', 'clone']

	Title: Don't Fear the Roofer
	Summary: Springfield is experiencing an unusually strong thunderstorm, and the rain is causing roofs to leak all over town. Homer devises a unique solution for getting the rain water out of their house that ultimately fails and sends him dejected off to Moe's, where he ruins Lenny's surprise party. Homer goes off wandering and finds himself at a bar called Knockers, where he makes a new friend named Ray, who is a licensed and bonded roofer. Marge takes the kids on some errands while Homer and Ray almost begin the roof repairs; they screw around and never get around to doing any work until he gets called away. Marge wants Homer to fix the roof by himself. Homer runs into Ray at the Builder's Barn and Ray promises to stop by later and help him with the roof. Homer waits for him, but Marge is skeptical that Ray even exists when Ray never shows up. Marge has Homer placed in the mental ward of the hospital and she and no one else can confirm that Ray really exists. Dr. Hibbert recommends and gives Homer electro-shock therapy. Six weeks later Homer's treatments are over and to everyone's surprise Ray turns up at the hospital to celebrate Homer's release. Plausible explanations, even one by Stephen Hawking, are given to explain why no one had ever seen Ray before.
	Top Words: ['ray', 'cbs', 'roof', 'electro', 'nt']

	Title: The Heartbroke Kid
	Summary: At Springfield Elementary the new vending machine contract is awarded to a company that promises to give half the profits to the school and it is of little consequence whether the snacks are healthy for the children or not. Bart begins taking all of his meals from the vending machine and three weeks later has gained a lot of weight, so much so that he has heart attack symptoms as a result. The X-Ray shows that malted milk balls have blocked his arteries. Despite it all Bart continues to eat junk food. Marge has no choice and holds an intervention, which Bart escapes from, right into the hands of representatives of a maximum security fat camp who take him away. Bart finds himself Serenity Ranch with Kent Brockman, Apu and Rainer Wolfcastle. The first bill from the ranch arrives and Marge decides they need to find a way to pay for it. They open their house up as youth hostel to German tourists. Having a hard time getting through to Bart, Tab Spangler takes him home and shows the horrors his family is enduring on his behalf. Bart finally gets the message and rages against the vending machines and is cured of his junk food addiction, there are three non-refundable weeks of fat camp available for a family member to use. Homer, the obvious choice, is elected to go.
	Top Words: ['machine', 'vending', 'snacks', 'milkshakes', 'ooh love']

	Title: A Star is Torn
	Summary: The family tries to eat a total vegetarian meal and everyone except Lisa gets sick from eating the healthy meal. As they moan from the sickness Lisa sings them to sleep. The next morning they've recovered enough to go back to their old dietary habits. On television a commercial airs for a Krusty-sponsored "Li'l Starmaker" competition and Lisa's singing voice seems a natural for the competition. Of course, Lisa and every other child in Springfield signs up. When Clarissa, one of the competitors sings the same song that Lisa was going to sing, and does it much better than Lisa believes she will be able to, Homer reassures her that he will write her a can't lose song. Lisa sings the song and makes it into the final competition. Homer takes charge of her career and writes her more songs that take her into the finals of the competition; it's Lisa versus Cameron, a boy all the girls go crazy over. When Homer oversteps his bounds with his obnoxiousness, Lisa fires him. Homer retaliates by getting himself a new client, Cameron. The final competition begins and Lisa's sings a song she wrote on her own, a song about her relationship with her father. Homer tells her that he was always in her corner and that Cameron is learning the greatest lesson he can ever learn in the music business, don't trust people in the music business.
	Top Words: ['cameron', 'yup', 'mama gonna', 'contestant', 'mockingbird']

	Title: Thank God It's Doomsday
	Summary: Bart and Lisa want to start getting their hair cut at the mall. They go to the mall with Homer and while getting their haircut they get into a fight, which results in them each getting really bad haircuts. Out in the mall they are spotted by fellow school students who have cameras in hand. They find Homer and go on the run; they sneak into the back entrance of a movie theater and see the film "Left Below," which is a movie about the apocalypse. The images in the movie are disturbing to Homer, who fears the worst. Marge assures him that there needs to be some ominous signs before the rapture will come. When Homer is out driving, he sees what he believes to be the signs. Homer gathers some books on the subject and he calculates that the "rapture is nigh" at 3:15 PM on May 18th, seven days from now. He starts to spread the word and tells everyone on television a passage from Revelations 6:13 that says before the rapture "the stars will fall to Earth." At the Springfield Stadium, there is a celebrity filled blimp accident that causes the stars on board to fall to the Earth and Homer gains instant credibility. He gets a bus full of people to join him at Springfield Mesa. When the appointed time comes and goes, Homer loses credibility and everyone return back to their normal lives. Homer later realizes that he made a mistake in his calculation and the new time is only 30 minutes away. When no one in his family will join him Homer goes to the Mesa on his own. The rapture comes and Homer goes to heaven, but despite all that heaven has to offer, Homer needs his family. He gets an audience with God, but when God won't grant his request to have his family join him; Homer begins raising hell in heaven. To put a stop to it, God agrees to turn back time and put off the rapture.
	Top Words: ['rapture', 'heaven', 'hallelujah', 'hair cut', 'hallelujah hallelujah']

	Title: Home Away From Homer
	Summary: Lisa wins 4 tickets to see a foreign film and Homer gets Flanders to baby-sit Maggie. Flanders doesn't take any money for his effort, but he does need to earn some extra money; Marge suggests that he rent out his spare room. Flanders rents the room to two college age women, who turn the room into the set for their live webcam at www.SexySlumberParty.com. Flanders is unaware of what is going on in is his home, and when Homer finds out he makes sure that every man in Springfield knows about it. When Marge finds out she makes Homer tell Ned and then he finds out that Homer has made him the laughingstock of Springfield. Flanders decides to move to Humbleton, PA., where his favorite figurines are made. Homer mourns the loss of his favorite neighbor and tries to make friends with the new neighbor that has moved in, Clay Roberts, but this new neighbor is obnoxious. Meanwhile in Humbleton, Ned seems in heaven, only for him to live and work there, he must remove his mustache. Ned refuses and is making waves in his new community. When Homer arrives on his doorstep, pleading for him to come back to Springfield, Flanders decides to return.
	Top Words: ['ned', 'flanders', 'ok', 'coach', 'neighbor']

	Title: Father, Son and Holy Guest-Star
	Summary: Bart is given the role of a cooper in the school's medieval festival, while Lisa is the queen. Bart is blamed and expelled when rats come out of large pie that is presented to the queen. Marge looks for a new school for Bart and decides to try out a Catholic school. In his first day at school Bart encounters a tough nun and Father Sean. Bart takes a liking to Father Sean and begins to embrace the Catholic faith, which concerns Homer and Marge. Homer goes to the school with the purpose of taking Bart out of school, only to himself being converted before the night is through. With her husband and son gone Marge finds herself alone at church. Reverend Lovejoy tells her that when they die she and Homer will be going to different heavens. Marge, Ned and Reverend Lovejoy go to Homer and Bart's first communion class to at the very least liberate Bart from becoming Catholic. To bring Bart back to his old religion they take him to a religious festival. Father Sean and Homer arrive hoping to take Bart back, but Bart in one his rare moments of insight brings both sides together, that is until 1,000 years later.
	Top Words: ['catholic', 'church', 'catholic church', 'religion', 'medieval']



Season 17
	Title: Bonfire of the Manatees
	Summary: Homer gets into trouble with football gambling debts. As compensation, Fat Tony wants to use the Simpson home for shooting the adult film Lemony Lickit: A Series of Horny Events. Homer gets Marge and the kids to leave the house by sending them off to Santas Village. Marge and the kids return home to find the production is still underway. Marge, outraged by Homers latest bit of idiocy, leaves. Homer, home alone with the kids tries to figure out what to do next. Just when Marge is about ready to reconcile with Homer, she encounters Caleb Thorn, a good looking scientist with a passion for saving the endangered manatee. Homer and the kids go on a quest to find Marge and they stop and stay with some country cousins, meanwhile Marge is finding herself while helping to save manatees. Homer tries to win Marge back by save a herd of manatees from a gang of jet skiers. His effort pays off as Marge takes home the endangered species of her own, the endangered devoted husband. The family decides to take a mini-vacation and Homer gets a manatee sent to the power plant to fill in for his job for the next few days.
	Top Words: ['manatee', 'rubes', 'car wash', 'pigskin', 'wash']

	Title: The Girl Who Slept Too Little
	Summary: The noise of early morning construction next door is keeping the family awake; there is a new stamp museum under construction. The family successfully leads a protest that gets the stamp museum moved to the site of the old graveyard; the old graveyard in turn is relocated next to the Simpson home. The site of the graveyard outside her window makes Lisa uncomfortable and scared late one night she runs to her parents bed for comfort. They try to get her back into her own bed, by showing her that they can sleep in her bed. When that doesnt work, they resort to the help of a psychiatrist and she offers them some costly advice. Meanwhile Lisa, who has always had to fend for her self, decides to spend the night in the cemetery and conquer her fears. Lisa gets knocked unconscious and has a hallucination helps her to deal with fear.
	Top Words: ['stamp', 'blah', 'cemetery', 'blah blah', 'scared']

	Title: Millhouse Of Sand And Fog
	Summary: Maggie has chicken pox, so Marge throws a "pox party" to help the children of Springfield catch the illness while they are young. During the party, Milhouse's parents get back together. Milhouse does not like this idea, so he and Bart try to break them up. Instead, they break up Marge and Homer.
	Top Words: ['pox', 'chicken pox', 'california come', 'shine', 'california']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XVI
	Summary: It is game six of the World Series and Kang and Kodos decide to speed up the play of the game and they fire the acceleray. They shatter the fabric of the universe and everything is destroyed. B.I.: Bartificial Intelligence Bart falls into a deep coma from which he will never emerge. Well Bart does wakes from his coma only to find that his family has replaced him with David, a newly developed artificial robot son. Bart struggles to fit back in with his family and Homer and Marge decide they must get rid of one of their sons. They abandoned Bart, but harvesting parts from some abandoned robots he gets his revenge. The robot nightmare only turns out to be a dream when it is revealed that Homer has actually been possessed by the devil. Survival of the Fattest Homer and others are invited by Mr. Burns to his estate for A Most Dangerous Game. It turns out that they are participants on The World Series of Manslaughter featuring guest analyst Terry Bradshaw where they are the quarry and Mr. Burns is their hunter. Surprisingly Homer is the last contestant left standing, but it takes Marges intervention to even the score. Ive Grown a Costume on Your Face Its the Springfield Semi-Annual Halloween Party but the costume contest goes awry when a real hideous witch turns everyone into real-life versions of their costumes. Lisa, as Einstein, searches for a solution to their problem, but it is up to Maggie, who was dressed as a witch, as the only one with the power to reverse the spell.
	Top Words: ['robot', 'freaks freaks', 'freaks freaks freaks', 'freaks', 'costume']

	Title: Marge's Son Poisoning
	Summary: Marge buys a tandem bicycle, but Homer doesn't seem to be interested. Bart takes up the offer and him and Marge start to spend a lot more time together. All the while, Homer builds up a massive amount of stregth in one of his arms. Moe then enters him into the arm wrestling championships.
	Top Words: ['tea', 'err', 'ride', 'bike', 'mama boy']

	Title: See Homer Run
	Summary: Homer is ready for everyone to shower him with gifts on Fathers Day and Marge and the kids go to the mall to obtain the presents. Lisa decides she is going to make something for her father, while Bart purchases the Leather Buddy multi-function knife. Lisas heartfelt gift doesnt go over as well as Barts knife and Homer doesnt immediately do anything to make Lisa feel any better. Bart sees a street sign with his name on it and the bullies entice him into stealing it. Homer makes a lame attempt at making up to Lisa. At school Lisa goes on a rampage. Citing her father as the cause, Principal Skinner and the school psychologist talk with Homer and Marge about what they can do to prevent Lisa from growing up to hate men. Homer becomes the school safety salamander. His initial pathetic attempts at safety dont change her feelings for her father, until an accident at the intersection of Evergreen Terrace and the unsigned Bart Blvd. The safety salamander rescues all the victims of the accident and Homer is awarded the keycard to the city. Then the mayor comes under fire for the many disasters under his administration and it is decided that a recall election is going to be held. With a number of ridiculous candidates running, Lisa decides that her father, with his popularity as the safety salamander, would be the ideal choice. With Lisa as his campaign manager, everything is going well, until Marge washes his salamander suit. When it shrinks and tears apart is reveals the man underneath, whom nobody is interested in voting for, but at least Homer and Lisa strengthen their relationship. Finally when none of the candidates garner enough votes to take over as mayor, its business as usual in Springfield government.
	Top Words: ['father day', 'mayor', 'costume', 'security', 'regain']

	Title: The Last of the Red Hat Mamas
	Summary: The mayors estate is used for Springfields Easter celebration, and in the course of the events, Homer embarrasses Marge in front of some new potential friends. To make it up, Homer decides to find her some new friends, with little luck. Marge finds some new friends on her own, Tammy and other members of The Cheery Red Tomatoes, a group of women of a certain age. This group has plans for a fund raiser; they intend to rob Mr. Burns of 1 million dollars, an amount he once promised to charity. Homer finds out about the plan and tries to stop her from doing something shell regret. Meanwhile, Lisa in search of summer opportunities decides to spend the summer in Rome. Lisa tells Principal Skinner that she speaks fluent Italian, since she really doesnt she tries to take a crash course and winds up hiring a tutor that turns out to be Milhouse.
	Top Words: ['italian', 'speaking italian', 'speaking', 'nana', 'cheery']

	Title: The Italian Bob
	Summary: The Simpsons become lost in Italy, finding their way to a small town that Sideshow Bob has become the mayor of.
	Top Words: ['bob', 'sideshow bob', 'roberto', 'sideshow', 'italy']

	Title: Simpsons Christmas Stories
	Summary: When Reverend Lovejoy and Ned Flanders are unable to deliver the Christmas sermon, Homer steps in and tells the story of the birth of the baby Jesus (Bart), King Harods (Mr. Burns) attempt to have the baby killed and the creation of the first Christmas tree. Grandpa relates to Bart and Lisa the story of how in the Navy he and his older brother Cyrus were fighting in the Pacific in World War II. During a battle Cyruss plane is lost and Abe and Mr. Burns (his co-pilot) crash land their own plane. At Christmastime while awaiting rescue, Burns, anxious to shoot at something, shoots down Santa Claus. Abe and Burns help Santa to rebuild his sleigh (only for Burns to later steal.) After Abe gets it back, Santa promises to come back for a follow-up rescue, but never does. After Abe has finished relating the story to the kids, Santa makes his overdue appearance and takes Abe to Tahiti to be reunited with his brother. The kids at Springfield Elementary perform Perhaps the worst version ever rendition of The Nutcracker ballet according to Superintendent Chalmers. When it is revealed that you dont have to pay for the music rights it leads to a montage of citizens of Springfield going about their usual Christmas activities to the more familiar pieces of music from The Nutcracker, including a sequence where Moe tries to hug himself, and Homer (forgetting as usual) tries to get Marge her present at the last minute.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'cyrus', 'christmas eve', 'santa', 'nyuk']

	Title: Homer's Paternity Coot
	Summary: The result of Marge's anger against Quimbys new toll road leads to the discovery of a frozen mailman and his 40-year-old mail. The old mail is delivered to the recipients, including one to Grampa Simpson's deceased wife, and it reveals a secret love affair and who the real father of her baby Homer might be. Confused and emotional, Homer finds Mason Fairbanks, his wealthy and much improved paternal dad, and happily establishes a father-son relationship with him while rejecting Abe, his surrogate father of 40 years, especially after a DNA test reveals that Mason is indeed his real father. Homer joins Mason on an undersea treasure hunt and when Homers life is in mortal danger he reflects upon his childhood and realizes who his true father is. When he confesses that to Abe, Abe has a confession of his own.
	Top Words: ['mason', 'treasure', 'letter', 'test', 'ticktock']

	Title: We're on the Road to D'oh-where
	Summary: Bart obtains the key to the steam tunnels under the school and with Milhouse they go down to check them out. When Bart turns just one of the little valves they find in the valve room the chain reaction causes chaos throughout the school. Bart is caught and Skinner wants to send him to a discipline camp in Oregon. When Bart cant fly there alone, Homer has to drive him there himself and that is going to cause him to miss the trip to Las Vegas that Moe is sponsoring for all his regular customers. While the boys are gone, Marge and Lisa take some of the boys' old stuff and hold a yard sale, but the only things that sell well are their old medications and that gets her into bit of trouble.
	Top Words: ['vegas', 'bacon', 'camp', 'yard sale', 'scottsdale']

	Title: My Fair Laddy
	Summary: Mr. Krupt is the schools new gym teacher and introduces Bart and the kids to BOMBARDMENT! Barts attempt to get back at the new gym teacher results in the destruction of Groundskeeper Willies shack and the family takes him in. Lisa decides to make Willie the focus of her science fair project and tries to turn him into a proper gentleman with surprising results. Meanwhile, Homer has ruined his last pair of blue pants and attempts to generate interest in them so the manufacturer will start making them again.
	Top Words: ['bombardment', 'willie', 'blue pants', 'bombardment bombardment', 'shack']

	Title: The Seemingly Never-Ending Story
	Summary: The family is on a nature walk through Carls Dad Caverns, when Homer tries to get a piece from a stalactite. This results in the family falling through the cave floor and winds up with Homer getting stuck in the ceiling of one of the lower chambers of the cave. Marge, Bart and Maggie go off to find help, while Lisa stays behind and tells her father a story to pass the time. Her story involves running from a bighorn sheep and into Mr. Burns mansion. The pair evades the tenacious sheep by finding refuge in the mansions attic, where Mr. Burns tells her the story of how he came to work at Moes Tavern by losing a scavenger hunt with a rich Texan. While there he learned (and tells to Lisa) the tale of the Moes treasure. The stories within stories culminate in the fate of the treasure being determined in the cave.
	Top Words: ['gold', 'moe', 'll gold', 'treasure', 'nucular']

	Title: Bart Has Two Mommies
	Summary: The family is at a church fund-raiser, where Homer tries to ensure his rubber duck onto victory, but Flanders wins the big prize, which he doesnt want and gives it to Marge. In return Marge agrees to watch Rod and Todd while Ned is attending a left-handed convention. While Marge is spending all her time with the Rod and Todd and trying to let them learn how to be boys; Homer takes Bart and Lisa to a home for former celebrity animals and a monkey kidnaps Bart. Marges ability to be a mother comes into question when Ned discovers what she is doing with his boys and the local news covers Barts current predicament.
	Top Words: ['toot', 'toot toot', 'rod', 'ned', 'duck']

	Title: Homer Simpson, This is Your Wife
	Summary: Homer is stoked for a party, where Lenny shows off his new plasma screen HD TV. Three days later and Homer still hasnt left Lennys apartment. Lenny eventually gets him to leave and Marge enters them in a contest where they can win a plasma TV of their own. They dont win, but 3rd place gets them a tour of the FOX studios, where Homer learns about a wife-swapping show where he can win enough money to buy his own plasma TV. Marge agrees to appear and they exchange wives with the Heathbar family. Charles Heathbar winds up falling in love with Marge (who is giving him what he needs), while his real wife Verity finds Homer detestable.
	Top Words: ['je', 'tu', 'est', 'et', 'le']

	Title: Million Dollar Abie
	Summary: Homer spearheads the effort to get pro-football to bring a new franchise to Springfield. The football commissioner, on his way to officially award the franchise, stops at the Simpson house where Grandpa (mistaking him for a burglar) attacks him. Springfield loses out and Abe becomes the towns pariah. After trying and failing assisted suicide, Abe decides to live his life without fear and when the town decides to reuse their football stadium as a bullfighting ring, he volunteers to be the toreador. Ever the activist, granddaughter Lisa protests his new profession.
	Top Words: ['football', 'pro football', 'commissioner', 'grampa', 'bullfighting']

	Title: Kiss Kiss Bang Bangalore
	Summary: At the power plant a movie is shown where the workers endorse outsourcing and Mr. Burns announces that he is closing the plant and moving the work to India. Homer is the only union employee left on the payroll and he is sent to India to train the replacement workers, when he succeeds beyond expectations, he is given total control of the plant and declares himself a god. Meanwhile, Selma & Patty take Bart and Lisa to their MacGyver convention. When they discover Richard Dean Anderson doesnt like MacGyver and much as they do, they kidnap him in retaliation. Anderson escapes only to enjoy the thrill and he turns himself back in so that he can escape again. When it happens over and over again, soon Patty and Selma are the ones who need a means of escape.
	Top Words: ['bom', 'macgyver', 'dean anderson', 'richard dean', 'richard dean anderson']

	Title: The Wettest Stories Ever Told
	Summary: As the family waits for their food at The Frying Dutchman, they pass the time by telling stories. Lisa tells about the Mayflowers journey to America, where Marge and her kids are Pilgrims and they are joined by a knave named Homer who joins their family to escape the authorities. Bart recounts the story of Mutiny on the Bounty featuring Skinner as Captain Bligh and Bart as Mr. Christian. Homer tells the tale of the maiden voyage of a cruise ship in the 1970s featuring of a ship that cant flip over, which of course it does and the attempts of the survivors to get out of the ship alive.
	Top Words: ['row row', 'row', 'ship', 'boat', 'mutiny']

	Title: Girls Just Want to Have Sums
	Summary: The family attends "Stab-A-Lot: The Itchy and Scratchy Musical." The musical's director is a graduate of Springfield Elementary and Principal Skinner puts his foot in mouth when he makes sexist comments about her education and that of women in general. He tries to make the situation better, but only buries himself deeper and deeper until he is fired and replaced by Women's Educational Expert Melanie Upfoot. The first thing she does is split the school into girls and the boys. Lisa dislikes the way girls are being taught math and she ventures over to the boy's side of the school in search of a challenge. Disguising herself as Jake Boyman she starts attending the boy's school but while she finds the math problems more interesting, it is being a boy that is a greater challenge.
	Top Words: ['math', 'itchy', 'toilet', 'itchy itchy scratchy', 'itchy itchy']

	Title: Regarding Margie
	Summary: Marge goes on a cleaning frenzy before the housekeeper shes won the services off comes to the house. One spot remains and she mixes a number of toxic cleaners together to tackle the job. The noxious mixture knocks her out and she wakes up suffering from amnesia. Marge is taken home and the family tries to bring back her memory. She starts to get back memories of her children and other insignificant things, but when it comes to remembering her husband, nothing he does seems to jog her memory. When he cant get her to remember him, he tries to win her all over again, especially after Patty and Selma get her back out on the dating scene.
	Top Words: ['amnesia', 'curb', 'jogging', 'oil', 'struck oil']

	Title: The Monkey Suit
	Summary: Lisa takes a stand against creationism being the only theory taught at Springfield Elementary.
	Top Words: ['evolution', 'room nice', 'darwin', 'theory', 'exhibit']

	Title: Marge and Homer Turn a Couple Play
	Summary: Homer and Marge offer up martial advice to the Springfield Isotopes struggling first baseman, who is having problems with his pop star wife.
	Top Words: ['buck', 'mitchell', 'marriage', 'duffman', 'counseling']



Season 18
	Title: The Mook, the Chef, the Wife and Her Homer
	Summary: At school, Lisa befriends a boy named Michael, who happens to be the son of mob boss, Fat Tony. Fat Tony is put out of commission by a rival family, and Homer and Bart get involved with the mob, when Michael, who is nothing like his father, is not interested in the family business.
	Top Words: ['fart', 'fat tony', 'tony', 'michael', 'metallica']

	Title: Jazzy and the Pussycats
	Summary: When Bart has problems with acting out, Marge and Homer take him to a child psychiatrist, who suggests that Bart should taking up drumming. Bart turns out to be a natural with the drums and much to the chagrin of Lisa; Bart is approached by jazz musicians, who want him in their band. Meanwhile, Lisa turns to rescuing animals as a way to deal with her jealousy and depression, over not being a member of a jazz band herself.
	Top Words: ['jazz', 'dear dear', 'dear dear dear', 'tock', 'mild']

	Title: Please Homer, Don't Hammer 'em
	Summary: When Marge discovers she has a knack for carpentry, she begins her own carpentry handyman service. However, the town of Springfield cant come to grips with the idea of a female carpenter and Marge is forced to disguise her work by using Homer as a front. Meanwhile, Bart begins to blackmail Principal Skinner, when he discovers that Skinner is highly allergic to peanuts.
	Top Words: ['blah', 'blah blah', 'blah blah blah', 'roller', 'kryptonite']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XVII
	Summary: Three more scary tales are offered up in this 17th edition of the Treehouse of Horror. Married to the Blob After eating mysterious green goo from a meteorite, Homer grows to massive proportions while he eats everything in sight. You Gotta Know When to Golem Bart takes control of Golem of Jewish folklore, and forces the ancient statue to do his bidding by writing instructions on scrolls and placing them into the Golem's mouth. The Day the Earth Looked Stupid Taking place in 1938 Springfield, the townspeople react to Orson Welles famous War of the Worlds radio broadcast. However, they pay no attention when Kang and Kodos actually do invade the town.
	Top Words: ['golem', 'hoax', 'martians', 'help help help', 'nag']

	Title: GI (Annoyed Grunt)
	Summary: Bart pre-enlists in the Army and when Homer goes to the Recruitment Center to clear up the mess, he is tricked into enlisting in the Army himself. Upon completion of basic training, Homer is assigned to lead some troops against a disgruntled Army Colonel in a war games simulation.
	Top Words: ['army', 'infantry', 'hello hello hello', 'hello hello', 'join']

	Title: Moe 'N' a Lisa
	Summary: Lisa aides Moe in discovering his inner-poet and he gains swift popularity and recognition from a group of successful American authors, when Lisa helps to get his poetry published. However, Lisa is crushed, when Moe enjoys his newfound success with literary giants and fails to credit Lisa for her assistance in his poetry.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'poem', 'vermont', 'title', 'wolfe']

	Title: Ice Cream of Margie (With the Light Blue Hair)
	Summary: After Homer is fired from the power plant, he buys an ice-cream truck and sells ice-cream. His successful business yields an abundance of discarded popsicle sticks and Marge finds another calling in life, as she uses the leftover sticks to create popular life-size statues of various citizens from Springfield.
	Top Words: ['ice cream', 'cream', 'penalty penalty', 'ice', 'penalty']

	Title: The Haw-Hawed Couple
	Summary: After being forced to attend Nelsons birthday party, Bart becomes best friends with the schoolyard bully. Meanwhile, Homer develops a big interest with one of Lisas fantasy books.
	Top Words: ['nelson', 'angelica', 'hell won', 'party', 'read']

	Title: Kill Gil (Parts I & II)
	Summary: At Christmas time, Marge opens up her home to the jobless Gil. But problems arise when Gil overstays his welcome and Marge cant bring herself to kick Gil out of the house.
	Top Words: ['gil', 'happy holidays', 'ha ha ha', 'holidays', 'christmas']

	Title: The Wife Aquatic
	Summary: Homer surprises Marge with a visit to her favorite childhood vacation spot: an island called Barnacle Bay. But when the family arrives, they are shocked to discover Barnacle Bays tourism and economy has been decimated by the disappearance of the local delicacy, the Yum-Yum fish. After causing some major damage to the boardwalk, Homer is forced to join a fishing crew to work off his debt and a parody of The Perfect Storm ensues.
	Top Words: ['yum', 'fish', 'pow', 'yum yum', 'boom boom']

	Title: Revenge is a Dish Best Served Three Times
	Summary: In an effort to stop Homer from taking revenge on the Rich Texan for cutting him off on the highway, Marge, Lisa and Bart offer up three cautionary tales of revenge.The Count of Monte Fatso: A parody of the book and film The Count of Monte Cristo, in which Homer is cast as the Count.Revenge of the Geeks: Using a futuristic device called the Get-back-inator, Milhouse takes revenge on the Springfield Elementary bullies.Bartman Begins: A parody of the Batman origin story, in which Bart is cast in the title role.
	Top Words: ['revenge', 'bart man', 'serpent', 'cristo', 'meaux']

	Title: Little Big Girl
	Summary: After saving Springfield from burning down in city-wide fire, Mayor Quimby awards Bart with a drivers license. During Barts travels to a nearby town, he develops a serious relationship with a teenage girl. Meanwhile, during a presentation at school, Lisa lies about her Native American heritage and when everyone believes her, the lies result in some escalating problems for her.
	Top Words: ['utah', 'heritage', 'tribe', 'great great', 'clean dirty']

	Title: Springfield Up
	Summary: Documentary filmmaker, Declan Desmond returns and shows off his new documentary, Growing Up Springfield. The film documents and follows the lives of various Springfieldianites in eight year intervals.
	Top Words: ['squeaky', 'bang', 'winston', 'bang bang', 'rich']

	Title: Yokel Chords
	Summary: Principal Skinner decides to allow Lisa tutor Cletus's kids instead of them enrolling into Springfield Elementary, but they end up on Krusty's show as a musical act. Bart sees a psychiatrist after telling a scary ghost story in the cafeteria in an a successful attempt to get free food.
	Top Words: ['stanley', 'dark', 'peppy', 'spuckler', 'hamburger']

	Title: Rome-old and Juli-eh
	Summary: When Homer accidentally declares bankruptcy, Grandpa ends up leaving the Springfield Retirement Castle and falls in love with Selma; Bart and Lisa con a delivery man out of cardboard boxes.
	Top Words: ['selma', 'bankruptcy', 'boxes', 'really going', 'patty']

	Title: Homerazzi
	Summary: When the fireproof safe (which was bought after one too many house fires) explodes, Homer and Marge try to recreate the photos, but when one of them uncovers a scandal in the background, Homer decides to join the world of paparazzi - forgetting what happened the last time he had a job that dealt in revealing other people's flaws to the public (in "Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?")
	Top Words: ['yi', 'yi yi', 'yi yi yi', 'clot', 'photos']

	Title: Marge Gamer
	Summary: Marge becomes a spectacle during a PTA meeting for not having an e-mail address, and she decides to take a chance on using the Internet. Amazed and delighted by all the Internet has to offer, Marge decides to join a popular role-playing fantasy game named "Earthland Realms." To Marge's dismay, the game has her interacting with practically the whole town of Springfield, including Bart, who happens to be the game's most feared and destructive player. Meanwhile, Homer saves Lisa's soccer game from cancellation after he volunteers to take the place of a referee who recently quit. However, Homer's refereeing skills only exasperate Lisa, and her competitive streak gets the best of her.
	Top Words: ['knight', 'shadow', 'game', 'soccer', 'realms']

	Title: The Boys of Bummer
	Summary: Bart becomes a hometown hero when he makes the game-winning catch at his Little League game, sending the Springfield Isotots to the championship for the very first time. Meanwhile, Homer runs into some luck, when a customer misunderstands Homer's excuses for a sales pitch after falling asleep in a department store's display bed. The impressed store owner hires Homer as a salesman.
	Top Words: ['mattress', 'isotots', 'game', 'championship', 'ball']

	Title: Crook and Ladder
	Summary: Maggie goes on a path of destruction in the Simpsons home after Marge follows advice in Smothering Mother magazine and throws away her pacifier. Marge finally gives in and sends Homer to get Maggie a new pacifier, but when he can't find the right brand, Maggie comes up with her own substitute: an especially squeaky dog toy. Homer can't sleep through the toy's incessant squeaking and is driven to take sleeping pills, which turn him into a sleepwalker with a penchant for mischief. When one of Homer's sleepwalking schemes leaves the entire Springfield Fire Department debilitated in the hospital, Homer and some of his fellow Springfieldians become volunteer firefighters. They extinguish several fires and are rewarded with gifts, but when the gifts stop coming, they seek other forms of compensation for their heroic acts.
	Top Words: ['mood swings', 'swings', 'mood', 'flynt', 'larry flynt']

	Title: Stop Or My Dog Will Shoot
	Summary: Homer unwittingly drags the family into a cornfield maze after attempting to leave a boring Harvest fest that Marge brought them to. When everyone except Homer escapes, Santa's Little Helper rescues him and becomes the town hero. So the family enrolls him in the Police Dog Academy and after graduation he's teamed with Lou. Police life becomes too much for Santa's Little Helper and he bites Bart. It is decided that he can no longer live with the family. Bart finds a new pet in a python, but in the end, Bart must choose between his dog and his snake.
	Top Words: ['maze', 'dog', 'police dog', 'strangles', 'corn']

	Title: 24 Minutes
	Summary: Principal Skinner opens a CTU Counter Truancy Unit at Springfield Elementary School with Lisa heading up the operation. Homer is sent to dispose a container of yogurt so far past its freshness date that it could be toxic, but the reeking yogurt falls into the hands of Dolph, Jimbo and Kearney. With the help of Jack Bauer and Chloe O'Brian, Bart and Lisa must stop the bullies from releasing the ultimate stink bomb at the schools bake sale.
	Top Words: ['bake sale', 'sale', 'bake', 'skip', 'yogurt']

	Title: You Kent Always Say What You Want
	Summary: When Homer buys the 1,000,000th ice-cream cone at a local shop, he ends up on Kent Brockman's news program. When Brockman swears on live TV after coffee is spilled in his lap, Ned Flanders leads a crusade to clean up Springfield's airwaves, starting with getting Brockman fired. Then Homer once again saves the day.
	Top Words: ['liberals', 'kent', 'brockman', 'fox', 'dentist']



Season 19
	Title: He Loves To Fly And He D'ohs
	Summary: After Homer saves Mr. Burns' life, he is rewarded with a trip in Mr. Burns' private plane. A depressed Homer realizes he will never again receive a chance to fly in a luxurious private jet, so Marge hires Homer a life coach to help get him out of his rut.
	Top Words: ['beer beer', 'beer beer beer', 'plane', 'beer', 'chicago']

	Title: Homer of Seville
	Summary: While receiving treatment for an injured back at the hospital, Homer discovers that he has beautiful opera voice. Even though Homer must sing while lying on his back for his voice to sound operatic, Mr. Burns hires him to sing at the Springfield Opera House, where he quickly becomes a star. Through his newfound stardom, Homer develops a large throng of fans including the lovely Julia, an obsessive and dangerous stalker.
	Top Words: ['opera', 'woo woo', 'woo woo woo', 'mimi', 'mio']

	Title: Midnight Towboy
	Summary: Homer starts working in the towing business, but gets into some trouble when the town sets up Homer to look like he is towing on a rival's turf after he becomes greedy with power. Meanwhile, Marge signs up for a counseling program that teaches parents how to raise young children to become independent, but the program works a little too well on Maggie.
	Top Words: ['tow', 'milk', 'tow truck', 'towed', 'got milk']

	Title: I Don't Wanna Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
	Summary: During a bank robbery, Marge convinces Dwight, the bank robber, to turn himself in with the assurance that she will visit him once in jail. Marge never makes good on her promise and things get interesting when Dwight escapes from jail and comes looking for Marge.
	Top Words: ['dwight', 'ma ma', 'bank', 'ma', 'johnny']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XVIII
	Summary: The 18th installment of the Treehouse of Horror series. E.T. Go Home Bart and Lisa help Kodos "phone home," but Kodos uses their assistance to secretly plan something sinister. Mr. & Mrs. Simpson A parody of the 2005 film Mr. and Mrs. Smith, featuring Marge and Homer as the title characters. Heck House Flanders decides to scare Bart, Lisa, and their friends straight after they go too far with their Halloween pranks.
	Top Words: ['alien', 'hey ho', 'ho let', 'trick', 'peace']

	Title: Little Orphan Millie
	Summary: After Milhouse's parents are lost at sea and assumed dead, he is forced to toughen up. His new confidence and personality help him become cooler than Bart. Meanwhile, Homer gets into trouble with Marge, when he can't remember her eye color.
	Top Words: ['milhouse', 'color', 'van', 'luann', 'danish']

	Title: Husbands and Knives
	Summary: Marge starts up a new women-only gym in Springfield and Homer frets about losing her after she becomes a highly successful businesswoman. Meanwhile, Coolsville, a new comic book shop, opens up in Springfield and puts Comic Book Guy out of business.
	Top Words: ['comic', 'gym', 'cuckoo clock', 'monster monster', 'lame lame']

	Title: Funeral for a Fiend
	Summary: Sideshow Bob returns, this time with his entire family, and sets in motion a complex diabolical scheme to finally hug Bart.
	Top Words: ['bob', 'sideshow bob', 'sideshow', 'battery', 'anus']

	Title: Eternal Moonshine of the Simpson Mind
	Summary: Homer wakes up to find himself outdoors and covered in snow, without memory of the night before. When he arrives home, he finds everyone missing. Seeking help from Moe and Professor Frink, Homer tries to piece together his memory to find out what happened to him.
	Top Words: ['memory', 'surprise party', 'party', 'duffman', 'going oh homer']

	Title: E Pluribus Wiggum
	Summary: In an effort to raise money with a bond issue Mayor Quimby moves up election day, making Springfield's primary election the first in the nation causing the media, candidates and political pundits to descend in the city.
	Top Words: ['ralph', 'primary', 'ralph ralph', 'ralph ralph ralph', 'wiggum']

	Title: That 90's Show
	Summary: Homer and Marge tell the children a chapter of their relationship that involves Marge going to college and Homer inventing "grunge" music.
	Top Words: ['professor', 'mar', '90s', 'brain freeze', 'august']

	Title: Love, Springfieldian Style
	Summary: After being stranded in a Tunnel of Love ride at a carnival, Homer, Marge and Bart pass the time by sharing some of the greatest love stories of all time. Bonnie and Clyde Marge and Homer portray the infamous bank robbers of the 1930's, Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow. Shady and the Vamp Marge and Homer star as the title characters in a parody of Disney's Lady and the Tramp. Sid and Nancy Nelson and Lisa are cast as Sid and Nancy in a parody of the 1986 film, Sid and Nancy, about Sex Pistols band member Sid Vicious and his girlfriend Nancy Spungen.
	Top Words: ['fallen love', 'bonnie', 'shady', 'clyde', 'fallen']

	Title: The Debarted
	Summary: Bart teams up with a new kid at school, Donny, to pull some pranks, but when the hijinks go haywire, Groundskeeper Willie tips Bart off to the fact that there might be a rat amongst his friends. Meanwhile, Homer becomes attached to a loaner vehicle while his is in the shop being repaired.
	Top Words: ['bart bart bart', 'rat', 'bart bart', 'skinner', 'capisce']

	Title: Dial 'N' for Nerder
	Summary: Bart and Lisa pull a prank on Martin Prince that goes terribly wrong and they become burdened with guilt over Martin's untimely death. Meanwhile, Marge hires an investigative television show to follow Homer around after she suspects him of cheating on his diet.
	Top Words: ['martin', 'bell pepper', 'pepper', 'cheating', 'prince']

	Title: Smoke on the Daughter
	Summary: Lisa enrolls in a ballet class and develops an addiction to secondhand smoke after being exposed to it by her smoking ballet classmates. Meanwhile, Homer lets Bart in on his secret beef jerky manufacturing operation.
	Top Words: ['ballet', 'jerky', 'smoke', 'cigarettes', 'angelica']

	Title: Papa Don't Leech
	Summary: The Simpsons harbor Lurleen Lumpkin in their home after she becomes a fugitive from the Springfield authorities for not paying her taxes. While Lurleen stays at the Simpsons', Marge tracks down Lurleen's deadbeat father and he reunites with his daughter just long enough to steal one of her new songs and sell it to The Dixie Chicks.
	Top Words: ['lurleen', 'lumpkin', 'country music', 'daddy', 'song']

	Title: Apocalypse Cow
	Summary: Bart joins the 4-H club and falls in love with a cow named Lou, but when he finds out that Lou is destined for the slaughterhouse Bart gives the cow to Mary, a fellow 4-H member, and her father mistakes the cow for a dowry. Homer and Marge come to the rescue to try and free Bart from his marriage agreement.
	Top Words: ['lou', 'cow', 'mary', 'moo', 'calf']

	Title: Any Given Sundance
	Summary: Lisa makes a documentary of her own family for a school project, and the film is so impressive that Superintendent Chalmers and Principal Skinner push her to enter the documentary in the Sundance Film Festival.
	Top Words: ['sundance', 'film', 'movie', 'chalmskinn', 'quirky']

	Title: Mona Leaves-a
	Summary: After Homer's mother, Mona, passes away unexpectedly, Homer feels guilty for not getting the chance to tell her how much he really loved her and embarks on a mission to fulfill her final wishes.
	Top Words: ['ashes', 'eric', 'grandma', 'monk', 'comforting']

	Title: All About Lisa
	Summary: Lisa outshines Krusty as his new assistant and steals the spotlight from him, earning her own TV show. Meanwhile, Homer and Bart spend some quality time together with their new coin collecting hobby.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'penny', 'award', 'clown', 'coin']



Season 20
	Title: Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes
	Summary: Once Ned and Homer's bounty hunting partnership takes a turn for the worse, Homer becomes the hunted, as Ned is on the prowl for him after he skips bail. Meanwhile, Marge mistakenly takes a job at an erotic bakery.
	Top Words: ['ra', 'bail', 'irish', 'bounty', 'taser']

	Title: Lost Verizon
	Summary: While trying to earn money at the country club, Bart acquires Denis Leary's cell phone after Leary angrily chucks it away. Bart keeps the phone and makes prank calls pretending to be Leary and when Marge finds out what Bart is doing she contacts Leary. Denis says Bart might as well keep the phone, but he advises her to activate the GPS system in the phone so she can track Bart's every move.
	Top Words: ['cell phone', 'cell', 'phone', 'machu', 'machu picchu']

	Title: Double, Double, Boy in Trouble
	Summary: Bart meets his doppelganger, Simon Woosterfield, a member of the richest family in Springfield and the two decide to switch places. Simon adjusts nicely to his new digs at the Simpson home, while Bart discovers that his new siblings are plotting his death so they can have his inheritance.
	Top Words: ['simon', 'ex', 'mcmansion', 'lenny', 'ex claims']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XIX
	Summary: Parodies of It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown, Michael Bay's Transformers and on Election Day a renegade electronic voting machine turns Homer's vote into one for the other guy.
	Top Words: ['pumpkin', 'fa', 'run run run', 'run run', 'grand']

	Title: Dangerous Curves
	Summary: The Simpson clan takes a road trip to a cabin in the woods that Homer and Marge once vacationed at 20 years ago. In a series of flashbacks Homer and Marge reflect on some history from their courtship and Bart and Lisa recall some pleasant memories from their very early days.
	Top Words: ['limbo', 'singsong', 'sylvia', 'pedal', 'sushi']

	Title: Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words
	Summary: Lisa discovers she has an impressive knack for solving crossword puzzles and she enters in a city-wide crossword tournament. Feelings are hurt though when Homer bets against Lisa in the championship match.
	Top Words: ['crossword', 'lemonade', 'puzzle', 'breakup', 'lisa lisa lisa']

	Title: Mypods and Boomsticks
	Summary: Homer suspects Bart's new friend, Bashir, of involvement with a terrorist plot to destroy the Springfield Mall.
	Top Words: ['mapple', 'mobs', 'differently', 'mypod', 'muslim']

	Title: The Burns and the Bees
	Summary: Mr. Burns wins a professional basketball team in a poker game at the annual billionaire's retreat. In an effort to lure fans he decides to build a state-of-the-art facility, but the stadium site is on the last remaining bee colony in Springfield and Lisa leads the charge to block Burns' building.
	Top Words: ['bees', 'muk', 'muk mu', 'mu', 'simpson dare']

	Title: Lisa the Drama Queen
	Summary: Lisa and her new friend, Juliet, create a fantasy world that gives them a break from reality.
	Top Words: ['juliet', 'everybody wants', 'josh', 'ex claims', 'claims']

	Title: Take My Life, Please
	Summary: Homer wonders if fate truly did deal him a tough hand after he finds out that the class presidential election he lost in high school was rigged.
	Top Words: ['vance', 'class president', 'dondalinger', 'sauce', 'president']

	Title: How the Test Was Won
	Summary: Bart learns that he and a few other students at Springfield Elementary have aced the Vice President's Assesment practice test, exempting them from the real exam and they are flown via helicopter to a pizza party that, instead, turns out to be something else entirely. Meanwhile, Homer's health insurance lapses when he forgets to make a payment and it makes for a harrowing day of accident avoidance as he tries to get his check to the insurance company without injuring himself.
	Top Words: ['test', 'pizza party', 'really really want', 'tell want really', 'want really really']

	Title: No Loan Again, Naturally
	Summary: When the adjustable rate on Homer and Marge's mortgage resets at more than they can afford, they must put their home up for sale. Good Samaritan Ned Flanders buys the house and rents it out to them at an affordable rate. But Homer pushes his luck too far when he takes advantage of Ned's generous land lording duties.
	Top Words: ['flanders', 'landlord', 'ned', 'ex', 'crazy guy']

	Title: Gone Maggie Gone
	Summary: Lisa infiltrates a convent in order to steal back Maggie who was accidentally taken in by nuns. While in the convent, Lisa uncovers a series of cryptic clues leading to a hidden jewel in Springfield. With help from resident history buffs Principal Skinner and Comic Book Guy, Lisa sets off to find the coveted prize. But Springfield's Freemasons are also hot on the trail of the jewel, and Lisa must race against them to find the jewel and rescue Maggie.
	Top Words: ['gem', 'eclipse', 'ex claims', 'poison', 'ex']

	Title: In the Name of the Grandfather
	Summary: The Simpsons travel to Ireland so that Grampa can have a final drink at O'Flanagan's Pub, an old watering hole of his. But when the small town of Dunkilderry isn't quite what Grampa remembers it as and O'Flanagans has become a rundown, empty pub, he and Homer decide to buy it and fix it up.
	Top Words: ['ireland', 'ex', 'irish', 'ex claim', 'urgent']

	Title: Wedding For Disaster
	Summary: After Marge and Homer's marriage turns out to be invalid, they decide to re-do their vows. But when Homer goes missing, Bart and Lisa smell something funny and investigate his disappearance.
	Top Words: ['parson', 'wedding', 'roses', 'ex', 'ex claims']

	Title: Eeny Teeny Maya Moe
	Summary: Moe develops an internet relationship with a woman named Maya; when the two agree to meet face to face Moe is shocked to discover that Maya is three feet tall.
	Top Words: ['maya', 'maggie', 'moe', 'score', 'nervously']

	Title: The Good, the Sad and the Drugly
	Summary: Bart resorts to being a good Samaritan to win the affections of a 5th grade girl named Jenny.
	Top Words: ['jenny', 'punch punch', 'milhouse', 'punch', 'suspended']

	Title: Father Knows Worst
	Summary: Homer takes an overbearing approach to parenting Bart and Lisa with disastrous results. Meanwhile Marge takes a liking to the new sauna she discovers in the basement.
	Top Words: ['washington monument', 'noah', 'abbey', 'monument', 'westminster abbey']

	Title: Waverly Hills, 9021-D'Oh
	Summary: When Springfield Elementary is rated the worst school in the state Marge and Homer rent an apartment in the well-to-do Waverly Hills school district so their kids have a shot at a better education. In order to impress the other students, Bart quickly establishes a new bad boy image and helps boost Lisa's popularity by telling everyone she and pop star Alaska Nebraska are best friends. Meanwhile, Homer enjoys the bachelor lifestyle in the new Waverly Hills apartment.
	Top Words: ['waverly', 'waverly hills', 'hills', 'gimme', 'gimme gimme']

	Title: Four Great Women and a Manicure
	Summary: Another "trilogy" episode featuring Simpsonized versions of Macbeth, The Fountainhead, Citizen Kane, and Queen Elizabeth I.
	Top Words: ['hi ho', 'ho', 'morrow', 'hi', 'snow white']

	Title: Coming to Homerica
	Summary: Ogdenville's economy takes a stumble after tainted barley is discovered in Krusty's veggie burgers and the unemployed of Ogdenville flock to Springfield. When Mayor Quimby closes off the town's borders and enlists private citizens to help patrol them, Homer puts together a border patrol group.
	Top Words: ['barley', 'norwegian', 'fence', 'border', 'ogdenville']



Season 21
	Title: Homer the Whopper
	Summary: Homer is cast as the lead in Everyman, a super hero movie written by Comic Book Guy. But the newly christened actor has trouble staying on the exercise and diet regimen that his provided fitness trainer lays out for him.
	Top Words: ['movie', 'montage', 'hollywood', 'comic', 'comic book']

	Title: Bart Gets A 'Z'
	Summary: After Mrs. Krabappel confiscates her class's cellphones, Bart spikes Krabappel's coffee with liquor, which lands her in trouble with Principal Skinner.
	Top Words: ['la la', 'teacher', 'la', 'la la la', 'dow']

	Title: The Great Wife Hope
	Summary: The men and boys of Springfield become obsessed with Mixed Martial Arts, a unhappy sport where fighters inflict severe pain on one another. When Marge and her friends stage a protest, the show's promoter embraces the controversy and challenges Marge to a match, promising to shut down the competition if she wins.
	Top Words: ['kill kill kill', 'kill kill', 'punching', 'ultimate', 'fight']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XX
	Summary: This year's triple threat of Halloween hilarity sees Moe using Homer's blood for beer, Bart and Lisa caught in a hug pact, and everyone in Springfield becoming zombies thanks to Krusty Burger's latest sandwich.
	Top Words: ['muncher', 'asterisk', 'ding dong', 'dong', 'zone']

	Title: The Devil Wears Nada
	Summary: Marge poses for a calendar for charity, but she is soon the talk of the town after she reveals a little too much during her photo shoot.
	Top Words: ['carl', 'calendar', 'rock roll', 'homie homie', 'assistant']

	Title: Pranks and Greens
	Summary: Principal Skinner tells Bart about Andy Hamilton, a former student who was an even better prankster than Bart is. Bart tracks down Andy, now 19 and still pulling pranks, and the two become quick friends.
	Top Words: ['andy', 'hamilton', 'loser', 'soy', 'loser loser']

	Title: Rednecks and Broomsticks
	Summary: Lisa decides to walk through the field after getting lost in a game of hide-and-seek, but she discovers three teenage girls who are practicing Wiccans instead. Although Lisa doesn't believe in their spells, the girls convince Lisa into understanding that they never hurt anyone and they ask her to join. However, Chief Wiggum arrives before Lisa is inducted, and Lisa becomes the star witness in the case of the three girls' arrests. Meanwhile, after discovering that they make moonshine, Homer begins hanging out with Cleatus and his hillbilly friends.
	Top Words: ['bonk', 'thwack', 'smack', 'twist', 'witches']

	Title: O Brother, Where Bart Thou?
	Summary: After Lisa informs Bart that she and Maggie have a special bond that he'll never know because he doesn't have a brother, he takes a trip to the orphanage to find out what he's been missing out on.
	Top Words: ['brother', 'charlie', 'bacon', 'naked', 'tom']

	Title: Thursdays with Abie
	Summary: After Grampa meets Marshall Goldman and Mitch Albom and start telling about the time he was on a World War II battleship, the article gets published in the Springfield Shopper. However, Homer becomes so jealous of Grampa's newfound fame and seeks a surrogate father, only to find out later that there is a draft on Goldman's third column, which could have terrible results for Grampa.
	Top Words: ['larry', 'lamb', 'abe', 'grampa', 'starliner']

	Title: Once Upon A Time in Springfield
	Summary: In the landmark 450th episode of The Simpsons, Krusty the Clown gets a female costar, Princess Penelope, on the show. However, he falls in love with her and proposes a marriage. Meanwhile, the workers clash with Mr. Burns at the nuclear power plant.
	Top Words: ['princess', 'krusty', 'doughnuts', 'penelope', 'princess penelope']

	Title: Million Dollar Maybe
	Summary: Homer blows off Marge to buy a lottery ticket and winds up winning the million-dollar jackpot. Fearing how Marge will react if she finds out the reason Homer missed their date, Homer keeps his newly inherited fortune a secret and spoils his family with "anonymous" gifts. When Bart finds out, he and Homer spend the money like it's going out of style, including buying front-row to tickets to see Coldplay in concert.
	Top Words: ['doo', 'doo doo', 'bah', 'toast', 'ticket']

	Title: Boy Meets Curl
	Summary: Homer takes Marge out for a romantic evening of ice skating and hand-holding, but upon entering the rink, they encounter a curling team practicing. Marge and Homer take to the ice and discover their love for the sport, and soon after, join the curling team and compete with them in the Olympic trials. Team Springfield claims the win and moves on to the 2010 Vancouver Games where Bob Costas covers the action. Meanwhile, sleazy vendors introduce Lisa to the world of collecting Olympic pins, and before long, Lisa is hopelessly addicted.
	Top Words: ['curling', 'olympic', 'fine fine fine', 'olympics', 'fine fine']

	Title: The Color Yellow
	Summary: When Miss Hoover asks her students to research their family history, Lisa is horrified to discover that most of her ancestors were bad people - a motley crew of horse thieves and deadbeats. But while rummaging through the attic, Lisa happens upon a diary kept by her ancestor, Eliza Simpson. As Eliza's story unfolds, Lisa learns that her family was part of the Underground Railroad, a group that helped slaves escape to freedom. Eliza recounts liberating a slave named Virgil, but when Lisa presents her findings at school, some of her classmates refute it, leaving Lisa determined to exonerate her family's name.
	Top Words: ['virgil', 'eliza', 'mabel', 'eliza simpson', 'hiram']

	Title: Postcards From the Wedge
	Summary: When Bart fails to turn in his homework, Mrs. Krabappel sends a letter home about Bart's behavior. Despite Bart's best efforts to intercept it, Homer reads the letter, and he and Marge visit Principal Skinner for a parent-teacher conference. Furious, Homer punishes him, but Marge takes a more sympathetic approach. When Bart realizes he can pit Homer and Marge against each other to his benefit, his scheming reaches new heights.
	Top Words: ['homework', 'subway', 'apologize', 'mom dad', 'fight']

	Title: Stealing First Base
	Summary: Principal Skinner announces that Mrs. Krabappel was called out of town and budget cuts dictate that, until she returns, the school's two fourth grade classes will merge. Bart reluctantly shares a desk with Nikki and develops a flirtatious rapport. Bart talks to Grampa about his new crush, and at Grampa's suggestion, gives Nikki a kiss. But when Nikki starts sending Bart mixed signals, he swears off women forever. Meanwhile, Lisa's classmates ostracize her for being an overachiever, and First Lady Michelle Obama, a self-professed nerd, comes to Lisa's defense.
	Top Words: ['turn right', 'gifted', 'kiss', 'meters', 'turn left']

	Title: The Greatest Story Ever Doh'd
	Summary: When The Simpsons go to the Holy Land, Homer is convinced that he is the Messiah. This winds him up in a lot of trouble as the Muslims, the Jews and the Christians all decide to work together to teach Homer a valuable lesson.
	Top Words: ['messiah', 'jerusalem', 'brochure', 'shut face', 'israel']

	Title: American History X-cellent
	Summary: Smithers is placed in charge of the power plant after Mr. Burns is thrown in jail for possession of stolen artwork. But the plant employees work together to get Mr. Burns out of jail when Smithers abuses his powers as boss.
	Top Words: ['burns', 'smithers', 'warden', 'ants', 'prison']

	Title: Chief of Hearts
	Summary: Homer is completing his court-ordered community service when he befriends his supervisor, Chief Wiggum, by offering him one of his sandwiches. Touched by the act of kindness, Wiggum assigns the other convicts unpleasant tasks, but allows Homer to join him at the picnic table. They continue to grow close, but when the Chief gets injured during a botched bank robbery, Homer doesn't come through when Wiggum needs him the most. Meanwhile, Bart becomes addicted to Battle Ball, a Japanese game made up of plastic balls and magnetic cards, and his family and teachers try to help him kick the habit.
	Top Words: ['dylan', 'chief', 'community service', 'bad friend', 'jive']

	Title: The Squirt and the Whale
	Summary: The Simpsons decide to embrace a cheaper, alternate source of energy by erecting a wind turbine in their backyard. But when Homer realizes some of the power is being directed to the local electric company, he decides to remove his home from the grid and becomes completely dependent upon an unreliable source of power. Meanwhile, a storm erupts, trapping a magnificent 150-foot-long blue whale ashore, and Lisa and Homer attempt to help the poor creature.
	Top Words: ['whale', 'whales', 'sharks', 'ew ew', 'ocean']

	Title: To Surveil With Love
	Summary: A bomb squad mistakenly blows up Homer's unattended gym bag, releasing radiation into the city and authorities react by suspending civil liberties. Wiggum and his men install surveillance cameras around Springfield and round up suspected terrorists, including groundskeeper Willie, but when monitoring the nonstop flow of video imagery proves to be too much, Wiggum enlists concerned citizens to help keep the city safe.
	Top Words: ['mm mm', 'blonde', 'mm mm mm', 'cameras', 'mm']

	Title: Moe Letter Blues
	Summary: As Mother's Day approaches, Moe narrates an episode in which he writes a letter to Homer, Apu and Reverend Lovejoy, who are vacationing with their children, and threatens to run away with one of their wives. While the trio tries to determine whose wife Moe is referring to, Homer, Lovejoy and Apu flashback to the intimate moments they initially ignored between Moe and Marge, Manjula and Helen Lovejoy. But when the boys return from their trip, they're in for the surprise of their lives.
	Top Words: ['helen', 'moe', 'leaving', 'wives', 'mother day']

	Title: The Bob Next Door
	Summary: Bart believes his new neighbor Walt is Sideshow Bob in disguise, returning for revenge.
	Top Words: ['bob', 'walt', 'sideshow bob', 'little maids', 'sideshow']

	Title: Judge Me Tender
	Summary: When Moe discovers a hidden talent for judging contests, he is approached by a television agent to join the AMERICAN IDOL judges panel.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'simon', 'judge', 'band candy', 'idol']



Season 22
	Title: Elementary School Musical
	Summary: Marge sends Lisa to a performing arts camp where she gets hooked on her new, hip lifestyle. Once back in Springfield, all Lisa can think about is returning.
	Top Words: ['artists', 'arts', 'camp', 'region', 'guitars']

	Title: Loan-a-Lisa
	Summary: Lisa invests in Nelson's brand-new business venture, but soon realizes that her friend's instant success might lure him away from the classroom. Worried that his judgment might be clouded, Lisa introduces Nelson to the well-educated and successful creator of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, only to find out that he too dropped out of school.
	Top Words: ['nelson', 'handbag', 'zuckerberg', 'haw', '11 hour']

	Title: Money Bart
	Summary: A visit by a Springfield Elementary alum-turned-Ivy-League student pushes Lisa to question her own go-getter attitude and reevaluate the scope of her extracurricular activities. Convinced that there is no such thing as having too many clubs or activities listed on her resume, Lisa jumps at the opportunity to coach Bart's little league team.
	Top Words: ['baseball', 'team', 'manager', 'game', 'isotots']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXI
	Summary: Beware of Ouija boards, vampires and unexpected guests in the 21st annual installment of the "Treehouse of Horror".
	Top Words: ['vampire', 'roger', 'pie', 'vampires', 'ha']

	Title: Lisa Simpson, This Isn't Your Life
	Summary: Discovering that Marge was once a stellar A+ student whose grades plummeted after being distracted, Lisa fears that she will end up just like her mom unless she pledges to focus solely on academics in an encore episode.
	Top Words: ['ringing oh', 'oh ringing', 'ringing oh ringing', 'turn like', 'academy']

	Title: The Fool Monty
	Summary: Following an unexpected turn of events, Bart finds Mr. Burns weak and vulnerable in the wilderness and secretly takes him into the Simpsons' home. But when Homer and Marge learn about their new houseguest, they decide it's payback time, and Lisa, determined to stand up for Mr. Burns, learns that old habits die hard.
	Top Words: ['burns', 'mr burns', 'la la', 'la la la', 'haw haw haw']

	Title: How Munched is That Birdie in the Window
	Summary: Bart helps nurse an injured pigeon back to health. After Santa's Little Helper eats the bird, Bart has a hard time coping with the loss.
	Top Words: ['taps', 'bird', 'ker', 'pigeon', 'hangman']

	Title: The Fight Before Christmas
	Summary: It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Springfield, but while Marge gets in the holiday spirit, it's bah humbug for the rest of the family. Disappointed that she is alone spreading the holiday cheer, Marge sends a letter to Martha Clause to help her save the family Christmas.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'tree', 'dirt bike', 'ho ho', 'ho']

	Title: Donnie Fatso
	Summary: Homer spends New Year's Eve in the Springfield Penitentiary after getting caught bribing an official. An FBI investigator offers to reduce his jail time if Homer agrees to go undercover as an informant to investigate Fat Tony.
	Top Words: ['tony', 'nicky', 'fat tony', 'new year', 'da da']

	Title: Moms I'd Like To Forget
	Summary: After the fourth graders and fifth graders engage in a heated dodgeball battle, Bart discovers that one of the fifth graders has the same mysterious scar on his hand. Puzzled by the matching blemishes, Bart tries to understand why and how he got it, leading Marge to explain that seven years ago, she and her girlfriends formed the "The Cool Moms", a tight-knit group of moms who set playdates for their young boys.
	Top Words: ['scar', 'graders', 'rumble', 'shh shh', 'fourth']

	Title: Flaming Moe
	Summary: When Smithers offers to help transform Moe's dingy pub into a more refined and trendy lounge, the revamped "Mo's" quickly becomes Springfield's local gay hangout.
	Top Words: ['jennifer', 'moe', 'gay', 'music', 'bar']

	Title: Homer The Father
	Summary: Homer becomes obsessed with "Thicker than Waters", a 1980s family sitcom written by David Mamet, and models his parenting skills after the show's sensible father much to the chagrin on Bart, who desperately sets his sights on a brand new dirt bike.
	Top Words: ['fight fight', 'fight fight fight', 'canned laughter', 'flash drive', 'fight']

	Title: The Blue and the Gray
	Summary: Moe gets Homer to be his wingman, but becomes distraught when the women are drawn to Homer as well. Meanwhile, Marge discovers some gray hairs and tries a new more mature hair style to go along with it, much to Bart's dismay.
	Top Words: ['wingman', 'hair', 'shoo shoo', 'empowering', 'shoo shoo shoo']

	Title: Angry Dad: The Movie
	Summary: Bart's cartoon about an angry dad is turned into "Angry Dad: The Movie" and quickly becomes a critics favorite. When Russell Brand presents the Golden Globe to Bart's film, Homer usurps the podium and gives his own acceptance speech.
	Top Words: ['angry dad', 'angry', 'movie', 'animated', 'animated short']

	Title: The Scorpion's Tale
	Summary: After a field trip to the desert, Lisa discovers that the desert water mysteriously makes typically combative creatures get along, so she brings some of the water home as a souvenir. When Grampa moves in with the family after getting kicked out of the retirement home, Homer secretly tests the desert water on Grampa, who is instantly cured of his crankiness.
	Top Words: ['drug', 'nein', 'nein nein', 'da', 'scorpions']

	Title: A Midsummer's Nice Dream
	Summary: The town is abuzz when Cheech and Chong announce a Springfield stop on their much-anticipated reunion tour. But when Cheech and Chong take the stage in front of their loyal fans, the jokes were just not the same for Chong, so Homer steps in and delivers all the punchlines by heart.
	Top Words: ['cheech', 'chong', 'dave', 'cheech chong', 'dave dave']

	Title: Love Is A Many Strangled Thing
	Summary: When Homer inadvertently humiliates Bart in front of a stadium crowd, Marge encourages Homer to enroll in a fathering enrichment class taught by therapist Dr. Zander.
	Top Words: ['mr nice', 'grunting choking', 'mr nice guy', 'tickle', 'choking']

	Title: The Great Simpsina
	Summary: The family is greeted by folk singer Ewell Freestone when they visit a peach farm, but when Marge goes overboard with peach-inspired dishes, Lisa and Bart try to get rid of the unwanted fruit.
	Top Words: ['peach', 'magic', 'tem', 'magician', 'milk']

	Title: The Real Housewives of Fat Tony
	Summary: Fat Tony and Selma, Marge's painfully blunt sister, fall in love and get married after a whirlwind courtship. Marge has her reservations about the couple's marriage after Selma begins to prioritize her looks and ritzy new lifestyle over her family, so Fat Tony invites Homer and Marge to a weekend getaway at the Jersey Shore.
	Top Words: ['truffle', 'tony', 'selma', 'truffles', 'fat tony']

	Title: Homer Scissorhands
	Summary: Homer become Springfield's most in-demand hair-stylist after discovering a talent for styling hair and opening his own salon. Unfortunately, Homer feels his talent is a curse when he has to listen to women's problems and gossip.
	Top Words: ['hair', 'milhouse', 'hairdresser', 'foibles', 'nemo']

	Title: 500 Keys
	Summary: When the Simpsons discover a collection of keys to every door in Springfield, Lisa stumbles upon an eerie hidden classroom beneath Springfield Elementary School. When she shares her discovery with Principal Skinner, the secret room mysteriously disappears and he takes the only key away.
	Top Words: ['key', 'blimp', 'farting', 'mannequins', 'day day day']

	Title: The Ned-Liest Catch
	Summary: Feeling guilty for getting Mrs. Krabappel suspended after one of his school pranks, Bart helps her escape detention, and Ned Flanders winds up saving her life in the process.
	Top Words: ['edna', 'ned', 'krabappel', 'little help', 'joey']



Season 23
	Title: The Falcon And The D'ohman
	Summary: Homer befriends Wayne, a reserved security guard recently hired by the nuclear power plant. Plagued by unhappy flashbacks from his past as a CIA agent, he must overcome his tortured nightmares to save Homer from a Ukranian terrorist.
	Top Words: ['wayne', 'kitty kitty', 'larry', 'knights', 'kitty kitty kitty']

	Title: Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts
	Summary: Principal Skinner challenges superintendent Gary Chalmers to take over Bart's education after one of Bart's pranks leads to a school fundraiser debacle. Chalmers takes an unconventional approach to teaching American history which sparks a fascination in President Teddy Roosevelt.
	Top Words: ['roosevelt', 'teddy', 'teddy roosevelt', 'spectacles', 'chalmers']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXII
	Summary: In the spooky opener of the 22nd annual installment of Treehouse of Horror, Homer takes a dangerous dive into an isolated canyon on Candy Peak, but when a crashing boulder traps his arm, he channels Aron Ralston to save himself.
	Top Words: ['farts', 'planet', 'chewing noisily', 'noisily', 'candy']

	Title: Replaceable You
	Summary: Bart's science fair project, a mechanical baby seal, outshines Lisa's brainy asteroid model and becomes a popular pet among the retirement home patrons.
	Top Words: ['roz', 'hug hug', 'hug hug hug', 'hug', 'science fair']

	Title: The Food Wife
	Summary: Marge takes Bart and Lisa on a weekend excursion, and when an unexpected restaurant detour awakens their taste buds, fellow foodies Amuse Bruce and Fois Garth inspire them to start their own food blog, The Three Mouthketeers.
	Top Words: ['fun mom', 'food', 'fun dad', 'meth', 'bart lisa']

	Title: The Book Job
	Summary: Lisa becomes disheartened when she learns the shocking truth behind the tween lit industry and her beloved fantasy novel characters, but Homer decides to cash in on the craze and forms a team to group-write the next tween lit hit, with the king of fantasy, Neil Gaiman, lending his expertise to the effort.
	Top Words: ['book', 'trolls', 'troll', 'author', 'kansas city']

	Title: The Man in the Blue Flannel Pants
	Summary: The Simpsons host a tastemaker party at their home to promote Absolut Krusty, Krusty the Clown's own brand of liquor. Mr. Burns takes notice of the party's success and decides to promote Homer to Account Man for the Springfield Nuclear Plant.
	Top Words: ['account', 'vodka', 'rafting', 'mayor', 'read']

	Title: The Ten-Per-Cent Solution
	Summary: Krusty the Clown is stuck in a rut when the television network pulls his show from the air and his talent agency drops him as a client. But when the Simpsons introduce him to seasoned agent Annie, they are surprised to learn that Annie was Krusty's very first agent.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'annie', 'agent', 'janeane', 'chatters']

	Title: Holidays Of Future Passed
	Summary: Bart and Lisa have children of their own and decide to spend the holidays as one big family at Homer and Marge's house. Lisa and Bart turn to Homer and Marge for parenting advice and begin to realize that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree
	Top Words: ['ding', 'ding dong', 'dong', 'christmas', 'whirring']

	Title: Politically Inept, With Homer Simpson
	Summary: As his talk show quickly gains popularity nationwide, Homer becomes the spokesperson for the Gravy Movement and the voice of America's newest political party. But when ill-informed Homer is asked to select the next Republican nominee for President and officially endorses right-wing rock star Ted Nugent, Marge and Lisa worry that Homer's opinion and influence might be more powerful than he realizes
	Top Words: ['ted', 'gravy', 'nugent', 'ted nugent', 'nash']

	Title: The D'oh-cial Network
	Summary: Lisa recounts her story and explains that she created the site after realizing she had no real friends. But as SpringFace expands and Springfield's fixation with the site causes mass hysteria, Lisa begins to realize that adding thousands of friends online did not compare to having real friendships.
	Top Words: ['friends', 'hippo', 'tsk', 'conundrum', 'tsk tsk']

	Title: Moe Goes From Rags To Riches
	Summary: After Moe is heckled for not having any real companions, Moe's best friend and beloved bar rag narrates his incredible thousand-year journey to Springfield. Beginning in the Middle Ages, the bar rag was loomed into a beautiful and ornate medieval tapestry and traveled around the globe through the hands of royalty before finding himself found himself at Moe's Tavern.
	Top Words: ['rag', 'bar rag', 'bar', 'night night', 'night night night']

	Title: The Daughter Also Rises
	Summary: Marge and Lisa's mother-daughter Valentine's Day plans take a turn when Lisa meets Nick, an intellectual romantic who shares the same passion for culture, history and literature. Lisa and Nick fall head over heels for each other in a fairytale romance and make a secret getaway to Mulberry Island to profess their eternal love.
	Top Words: ['myth', 'music plays', 'plays', 'mackie', 'plays hip']

	Title: At Long Last Leave
	Summary: The Simpsons are evicted from Springfield and take up residence with a group of people who live off the grid outside town. Marge and Homer try to sneak back in, but they learn pretty fast that they're no longer welcome.
	Top Words: ['drill', 'audience clamoring', 'dragon', 'manning', 'banish']

	Title: Exit Through the Kwik-E-Mart
	Summary: In order to get back at his dad, Bart goes undercover as a graffiti street artist and plasters Homer's unflattering image all over Springfield. But one night, Bart and Milhouse get caught in the act by established street artists Shepard Fairey, Ron English, Kenny Scharf and Robbie Conal, and to Bart's surprise, they invite him to exhibit his satirical artwork in his very own gallery show.
	Top Words: ['sh', 'art', 'birthday', 'cage', 'normal normal']

	Title: How I Wet Your Mother
	Summary: Karma gets the best of Homer after he gets his friends in trouble, and as a result, his bedwetting problem worsens. The family goes on a mission to infiltrate his dreams to search for clues in his subconscious to determine the source of his problem. But just as things take a dangerous turn in the dream, a figure from Homer's past appears, and he is finally reassured that the fond memories of his mother Mona remain alive, giving him just the right amount of reassurance to cure him of his problem.
	Top Words: ['karma', 'dream', 'wet bed', 'wetting bed', 'bed']

	Title: Them, Robot
	Summary: Mr. Burns replaces all of Springfield Power Plant's employees with robots but decides to keep Homer as the sole human worker. With unemployment at an all-time high and mechanical arms operating the workplace, Springfield becomes a dismal and humorless place. But when Homer's machine-programmed peers start to turn on the community and his former real-life employees come to the rescue, they all realize that robots can't replace human friends
	Top Words: ['robots', 'robot', 'hard hardly', 'robot parade', 'workin']

	Title: Beware My Cheating Bart
	Summary: When Bart is forced to chaperone Jimbo's girlfriend to a movie, she ends up developing feelings for him, resulting in a whole bunch of trouble with the bullies at school. Meanwhile, Homer is persuaded to buy a state-of-the-art treadmill, fully equipped with a television. When Lisa shows Homer that he can access television shows wirelessly, he develops an obsession with watching an old television show from the treadmill, but not actually working out, until Marge decides to intervene.
	Top Words: ['shauna', 'jimbo', 'mi', 'spoiler', 'dramatic music playing']

	Title: A Totally Fun Thing That Bart Will Never Do Again
	Summary: Bart convinces the family to go on an ultimate family cruise despite the fact they must each sell something in order to afford it. Bart decides he wants to be on vacation forever.
	Top Words: ['cruise', 'virus', 'want want want', 'want want', 'vacation']

	Title: The Spy Who Learned Me
	Summary: After going on "date night" to a spy movie starring crime fighter Stradivarius Cain, Marge becomes upset with Homer for blurting out embarrassing remarks throughout the film, but Homer's attempts to reconcile with Marge do not seem to fix anything. Later, Homer is knocked off a ladder and suffers a concussion on the job, leaving him out of work for six weeks. Instead of telling Marge, Homer decides to use the time to learn how to become a better husband with the help of someone whom he believes is Stradivarius Cain.
	Top Words: ['cain', 'lunch money', 'blows note', 'nelson', 'lunch']

	Title: Ned 'n' Edna's Blend
	Summary: When the town of Springfield discovers that Ned and Ednahave secretly gotten hitched, Marge offers to throw them a congratulatory reception. However, bringing everyone together makes them all realize that no marriage is perfect. Meanwhile, Edna tries to help Ned's children become more socially acceptable by changing some of the rules.
	Top Words: ['ned', 'jesus', 'edna', 'ned edna', 'passion']

	Title: Lisa Goes Gaga
	Summary: Lady Gaga comes to Springfield to help Lisa out with her popularity problem.
	Top Words: ['gaga', 'voop', 'lady gaga', 'denounce', 'teller']



Season 24
	Title: Moonshine River
	Summary: America's favorite Midwestern family travels to New York City in search of Bart's long-lost love Mary Spuckler who he wants to reconnect with since she has left Springfield and her hillbilly family there to reinvent herself in the big apple.
	Top Words: ['mary', 'new york', 'york', 'gap', 'kalash']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXIII
	Summary: Back in ancient times where a Mayan Homer and Marge are witnesses to the prediction by ancient calendar makers that 2012 will be the end of the world. In "The Greatest Story Ever Holed," theSpringfield Subatomic Supercollider creates a black hole that terrorizes the city, sucking up everything in its path. Then, in "UNnormal Activity" the familyinstalls cameras all over the house when things start to go bump in the night and Marge discovers it may have to do with an unholy pact she made some years prior. Then in"Bart & Homer's Excellent Adventure," Bart travels to 1974 to buy a comic book at cover price but inadvertently disrupts Homer and Marge's courtship, leading Marge to end up with Artie Ziff.
	Top Words: ['black hole', 'gone gone', 'fast forwarding', 'tape fast', 'tape fast forwarding']

	Title: Adventures in Baby-Getting
	Summary: When Marge's car falls into a sink hole, she buys the perfect replacement to fit her family of five. But she quickly grows to hate it because, as she tells a shocked Homer, the car would be too small if she wanted to have another baby. Meanwhile Bart and his friends are determined to find out what secret Lisa is keeping when Bart finds her cryptic messages and follows her sneaking off downtown for covert meetings after school.
	Top Words: ['stall', 'sinkhole', 'wizards', 'faucet', 'boxing']

	Title: Gone Abie Gone
	Summary: After forgetting to visit Grampa, Homer and Marge discover he is missing. Their search leads them to his wife, Rita LaFleur. Meanwhile, after Homer puts Lisa's college fund on a Poker site, Lisa attempts to double her money.
	Top Words: ['rita', 'spiro', 'abe', 'college fund', 'poker']

	Title: Penny-Wiseguys
	Summary: Homer is shocked to discover that his bowling teammate Dan Gillick, is an accountant for Fat Tony and his mob. When the government finally catches up with Fat Tony and he is forced to serve time... on a jury, he names Dan as his temporary replacement. Meanwhile, Lisa adds insects to her vegetarian diet after passing out during a saxophone solo, but starts questioning her decision when bugs start pleading for mercy in her dreams.
	Top Words: ['dan', 'gun', 'dipping', 'weak', 'diddily diddily']

	Title: A Tree Grows in Springfield
	Summary: Lisa tries to cheer up a down-in-the-dumps Homer by winning him a "MyPad" at the school auction. But he falls back into a funk when he breaks the magical tablet device - until Ned Flanders discovers a miracle tree in the Simpsons' backyard with bark that spells the word "HOPE"
	Top Words: ['amore', 'ling', 'submit', 'topping', 'miracle']

	Title: The Day the Earth Stood Cool
	Summary: A "cool family" from Portland moves in next door to the Simpsons. Homer is desperate to befriend them, while Marge is skeptical, thinking that being cool is not all it's cracked up to be.
	Top Words: ['rex', 'ho', 'parenting', 'donut', 'ho ho']

	Title: To Cur With Love
	Summary: When a fire at the retirement home forces Grampa to move back in with the Simpsons, Homer throws out his back on moving day. While "resting" at home, he gets hooked on the super-addictive tablet game, "Villageville". And, in his distraction, he loses the family dog, Santa's Little Helper. Everyone is angry with Homer for not seeming to care about the missing dog, but Grampa tells them the story of Homer's long-lost childhood pup, Bongo
	Top Words: ['bongo', 'dog', 'arrow', 'tavern', 'homer dog']

	Title: Homer Goes to Prep School
	Summary: Homer joins the "Springfield Preppers", an off-the-grid survivalist group whose leader has set up a top-secret retreat outside of town to prepare for the end of the world. But Marge grows skeptical of the group's alarmist shenanigans.
	Top Words: ['boom', 'boom boom', 'electrical buzzing', 'electrical', 'boom boom boom']

	Title: A Test Before Trying
	Summary: When Springfield Elementary is threatened with closure because of low standardized test scores, the fate of the school rests on one student who missed the test, and who must raise the average above the minimum threshold: Bart Simpson. Meanwhile, Homer finds a parking meter at a local dump, and starts deploying it around Springfield to fleece unwitting parkers of their quarters.
	Top Words: ['ch', 'ch ch', 'meter', 'test', 'pass test']

	Title: The Changing of the Guardian
	Summary: After surviving a tornado, Marge and Homer seek out guardians for the kids, in case the worst should happen. They first turn to friends and family, including Homer's half-brother, Herb Powell with whom to entrust their kids, but when Bart and Lisa fall in love with a super-cool couple, Mav and Portia, Marge starts to question their potential guardians' true motivations.
	Top Words: ['surfer', 'tornado', 'people screaming', 'storm', 'ling']

	Title: Love Is a Many-Splintered Thing
	Summary: Bart's heart strings are pulled once again when Mary Spuckler returns to Springfield. But his failure to pay her enough attention strains their relationship. Marge, too, puts Homer in the dog house.
	Top Words: ['mary', 'gps', 'spuckler', 'video game', 'mary spuckler']

	Title: Hardly Kirk-Ing
	Summary: Bart and Milhouse explore the perks of being an adult when a shaving accident leaves Milhouse looking exactly like his father, Kirk. Marge fears Maggie is slipping into the clutches of children's television.
	Top Words: ['man comes', 'kirk', 'slurp', 'waldo', 'voice']

	Title: Gorgeous Grampa
	Summary: Homer's obsession with the TV show "Storage Battles" leads the family to discover Grampa's past identity as "Gorgeous Godfrey", the most feared, villainous man in pro-wrestling history. What's more amazing, he was once revered by a young Montgomery Burns, who now convinces Grampa to get back in the ring. But when Bart starts to adopt some of his grandfather's former cheating ways, Grampa must reconcile with his past before it's too late.
	Top Words: ['glamorous', 'booing', 'crowd', 'crowd booing', 'pshaw']

	Title: Black-eyed, Please
	Summary: Flanders becomes jealous when his laid-back parents start to prefer Homer's company over his and he faces unbearable guilt after punching Homer in the eye, as he desperately tries to reconcile with him. Meanwhile, Lisa is distressed by her new substitute teacher (guest voice Tina Fey), who bullies her for no apparent reason
	Top Words: ['teacher', 'bully', 'ms', 'better better', 'better man']

	Title: Dark Knight Court
	Summary: Bart is falsely accused of pulling a prank on Easter involving the school marching band and stuffing rotten eggs in the brass section's horns, and Lisa must step in as his attorney to defend her brother. Meanwhile, Mr. Burns attempts to fulfill his lifelong dream of becoming a superhero, Fruit Bat Man
	Top Words: ['bat', 'easter', 'mike rotch', 'rotch', 'attorney']

	Title: What Animated Women Want
	Summary: Homer's behavior once again lands him in hot water with Marge and he needs to fathom a way to save his marriage, while a dose of "A Streetcar Named Desire" drives Milhouse to affect a Marlon Brando-esque bad-boy demeanor in an effort to impress Lisa.
	Top Words: ['milhouse', 'cupcake', 'soy sauce', 'soy', 'sushi']

	Title: Pulpit Friction
	Summary: Homer is recruited to be a church deacon by the trendy new reverend in town (guest voice Norton). But Bart asks Flanders to help him track down their former pastor, Reverend Lovejoy, when Homer starts to embrace the faith a little too seriously. Meanwhile, Marge finds out her dry cleaners mistakenly swapped her wedding dress with one of Krusty's costumes.
	Top Words: ['day day', 'day day day', 'deacon', 'church', 'dress']

	Title: Whiskey Business
	Summary: Moe is flying high after venture capitalists take a shine to his homemade whiskey, while Grampa, after injuring himself babysitting Bart, decides he'd rather be looked after by his grandson than be at the nursing home. Also, Lisa voices her displeasure at a hologram of music legend Bleeding Gums Murphy, and Sonny Rollins (as himself) shows up to ask her to stop all that jazz about boycotting a record label.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'suit', 'resetting', 'll feel better', 'bourbon']

	Title: The Fabulous Faker Boy
	Summary: Marge encourages Bart to explore his creative side, and his initial reticence quickly subsides when Marge hires Slava's beautiful daughter, Zhenya, as his new piano instructor. Meanwhile, Homer is shocked when he loses the last two remaining hairs on his head, and employs a wide variety of headgear to try and keep his newfound baldness a secret from Marge.
	Top Words: ['bald', 'lesson', 'piano', 'lessons', 'cheated']

	Title: The Saga Of Carl
	Summary: Homer, Moe, Lenny and Carl win $200,000 in the Springfield Lottery. But when Carl takes off to Iceland - his homeland - with all the winnings, the guys embark on a Nordic adventure to get the cash back.
	Top Words: ['carl', 'carl carlson', 'carlson', 'lottery', 'ki']

	Title: Dangers On A Train
	Summary: While trying to obtain a cupcake inspired anniversary gift for Homer, she inadvertently signs up for a dating site for married people who want extra marital relations. When she thinks Homer has forgotten their anniversary, she starts talking to Ben, a man who shares her fondness for British drama. Meanwhile, Homer hasn't forgotten & decides to remind Marge of their first anniversary by refurbishing an old mall train.
	Top Words: ['anniversary', 'train', 'madison', 'sassy', 'choo']



Season 25
	Title: Homerland
	Summary: Kristen Wiig ("Despicable Me 2") guest-voices in the season premiere episode as an intense, high-strung FBI agent whom Lisa enlists for help when she suspects that something sinister has happened to Homer. Also, Elizabeth Moss ("Mad Men") plays a grateful mom who names her baby Homer Jr., after Homer Sr. helps in the delivery of the child.
	Top Words: ['lou lou', 'convention', 'lou lou lou', 'terrorist', 'lou']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXIV
	Summary: The opener of the 24th annual "Treehouse of Horror" is from Guillermo del Toro and features monsters and classic characters from horror films throughout history. In the first of three spine-tingling stories, Homer rides around Springfield wreaking havoc in a rhyming take on a popular children's tale. In "Dead and Shoulders", Bart is beheaded during a kite accident, his head is attached to Lisa's body and they must live together as one. The final terrifying tale, "Freaks no Geeks", features Mr. Burns' traveling circus, The Burnsum and Bailey Circus, which has stopped in Springfieldland in the 1930s. Trapeze artist Marge and Strong Man Homer are performers and things go awry when circus freak Moe starts to make advances towards Marge.
	Top Words: ['gooble', 'circus', 'goo', 'freaks', 'strong man']

	Title: Four Regrettings And A Funeral
	Summary: Four Springfielders are prompted to try to right past regrets following the funeral of a beloved neighbor. Homer regrets selling his Apple stock to buy a bowling ball, Marge worries she caused Bart's rebellious streak, Mr. Burns reminisces about a romance he gave up with a beautiful Parisian woman and Kent Brockman admits he was too afraid to leave local news and follow his former partner Rachel Maddow to cable news.
	Top Words: ['regrets', 'bart bart', 'bart bart bart', 'kent', 'chip']

	Title: YOLO
	Summary: Marge encourages Homer to embrace his "You-Only-Live-Once" spirit by inviting an old pen pal to stay with him and cross items off of his "to-do" list from when he was a 10-year old. Meanwhile, Lisa institutes a new honor code at Springfield Elementary.
	Top Words: ['eduardo', 'flap', 'cheating', 'dreams', 'code']

	Title: Labor Pains
	Summary: Homer remembers his Lamaze skills when he's forced to deliver a baby in an elevator. When the mother (guest voice Elizabeth Moss) names the child Homer Jr., he quickly develops a deep emotional bond with the kid. Meanwhile, Lisa is recruited by the cheerleaders of the local pro football team, the Springfield Atoms.
	Top Words: ['sleep sleep', 'hoju', 'elevator', 'jr', 'sleep']

	Title: The Kid Is All Right
	Summary: Lisa finally makes a new best friend, Isabel Gutierrez, only to discover that she's a Republican and her opponent in the campaign for second grade class representative
	Top Words: ['isabel', 'republican', 'liberal', 'downloading', 'rep']

	Title: Yellow Subterfuge
	Summary: Principal Skinner promises the students that the best-behaved among them can take a ride in a submarine. When Skinner gives all the kids a clean slate, Bart believes even his own past indiscretions will be forgotten if he doesn't get into any more trouble. Meanwhile Lisa tries to help a cash-poor Krusty to turn things around by suggesting he sell the foreign rights to his shows
	Top Words: ['toke', 'skinner', 'smoke', 'krusty', 'fiddler']

	Title: White Christmas Blues
	Summary: Springfield is inundated with holiday revelers after the nuclear power plant springs a radiation leak, causing snow to fall all over town. When the tourists drive up Christmas shopping prices, Marge opens up the Simpsons' house to boarders.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'merry christmas', 'merry', 'snow', 'happy happy']

	Title: Steal This Episode
	Summary: Homer becomes annoyed with movie theaters, so Bart teaches him how to download movies illegally. Homer is delighted with his discovery of free movies until he's caught for piracy.
	Top Words: ['movie', 'radioactive man', 'radioactive', 'hollywood', 'copyright']

	Title: Married To The Blob
	Summary: Comic Book Guy realizes his comics are nothing if he can't share them with anyone. Then he meets Kumiko, a Japanese woman writing an autobiographical manga, and he seeks out Homer's advice on how to date her, ending happily for everyone.
	Top Words: ['kumiko', 'comic', 'radioactive man', 'radioactive', 'melody']

	Title: Specs and the City
	Summary: Mr. Burns gives high-tech eyeglasses to all of his employees in order to spy on them. Homer loves the enhanced reality of his new gadget - that is, until Marge tries them on and he finds out she's seeing a marriage counselor. Meanwhile, Bart takes a stand against buying Nelson a Valentine's Day card, despite buying one for every other kid in class, and Nelson delivers him an ultimatum: find him the best Valentine's Day gift ever or be fed to the classroom electric pencil sharpener.
	Top Words: ['valentine', 'glasses', 'bully', 'female electronic', 'female electronic voice']

	Title: Diggs
	Summary: On a research trip, Lisa is shocked to discover that Sideshow Bob is now the chief scientist at a massive chemical engineering company, but her fears are allayed as she becomes enamored with his likeminded appreciation of high-culture. Meanwhile, Marge's attempt to preach healthy sexual practices to a teen church group goes awry.
	Top Words: ['money money', 'money money money', 'freedom', 'frog', 'falcon']

	Title: The Man Who Grew Too Much
	Summary: Bart is rescued from a confrontation with Springfield Elementary's bullies by Diggs, a recent transfer student and aspiring champion in the niche sport of falconry. But, Bart soon discovers that Diggs wants to do more than just wrangle falcons: he wants to take to the sky himself.
	Top Words: ['taco tuesday', 'bob', 'genetically', 'taco', 'modified']

	Title: The Winter of His Content
	Summary: Marge invites Grampa and two other octogenarians to live at the Simpsons' house after the Retirement Castle is closed for health violations, but she quickly becomes frustrated with Homer when he starts embracing the "old person lifestyle". Meanwhile, at Springfield Elementary, Bart defends Nelson's affinity for hand-me-down underwear, leading Nelson to befriend Bart
	Top Words: ['chester', 'grampa', 'bully', 'ripple', 'electrical buzz']

	Title: The War of Art
	Summary: After Lisa's new pet guinea pig destroys the Simpsons' living room art, Marge falls in love with a beautiful painting at the Van Houten's yard sale, which Homer snaps up for 20 bucks. But, when Lisa reveals it's by a famous early 20th century painter and could be worth $100,000, Marge and Homer face a dilemma: split the money with the Van Houtens, or keep the cash as a "cushion" for their kids.
	Top Words: ['painting', 'whoa whoa whoa', 'whoa whoa', 'guinea', 'kirk']

	Title: You Don't Have to Live Like a Referee
	Summary: Homer is recruited as a World Cup referee after Lisa extols his integrity on the youth soccer field in a Springfield Elementary speech contest. But when the Simpsons travel to Brazil, Homer finds his honesty tested by one of South America's slickest gangsters in the soccer match-bribing business.
	Top Words: ['ol', 'hero', 'brazil', 'penalty', 'heroes']

	Title: Luca$
	Summary: Marge is concerned that Lisa is dating below her station when she brings home competitive eater-in-training Lucas Bortner, and she enlists Homer to help Lisa explore other options. Meanwhile, Bart is thrilled to receive free gifts from Snake Jailbird after he helps the convict escape from a jam, but when a betrayal from Milhouse puts Snake back in jail, Bart must forge a plan to set him free.
	Top Words: ['competitive', 'senator', 'eater', 'senators', 'attentive']

	Title: Days Of Future Future
	Summary: Set in the future, Homer has a new clone for every time he dies. Lisa is married to a zombie version of Milhouse, while Bart deals with custody issues with his ex-wife, Jenda. Each defines what love means to them.
	Top Words: ['jenda', 'zombie', 'brains', 'paying attention', 'ism']

	Title: What To Expect When Bart's Expecting
	Summary: When Bart develops powers that help Springfield couples conceive, the mafia kidnaps Homer and Bart in hopes of birthing a thoroughbred race horse.
	Top Words: ['voodoo', 'art', 'pregnant', 'hey hey hey', 'neighs']

	Title: Brick Like Me
	Summary: Homer awakens to find his family and everyone in Springfield are made of Legos, and finds he must discover how he got in the Lego world and how he can get back home before he is left in a world of bricks for all of eternity.
	Top Words: ['bricks', 'weird', 'survival', 'daughter', 'forever']

	Title: Pay Pal
	Summary: Marge swears off befriending any more couples when Homer offends their charming new British neighbors. But when Lisa declares that she, too, doesn't need friends, Marge reconsiders.
	Top Words: ['oh oh oh', 'friends', 'couples friends', 'oh oh', 'game night']

	Title: The Yellow Badge of Cowardge
	Summary: Bart is plagued with guilt when he wins the annual "last day of school" race around Springfield Elementary, with an assist from Nelson, who beats up frontrunner Milhouse. Meanwhile, Homer tries to bring back the annual 4th of July fireworks display after it's canceled for budget reasons.
	Top Words: ['tamp', 'giuseppe', 'coward', 'fun fun fun', 'fireworks']



Season 26
	Title: Clown in the Dumps
	Summary: A Springfield resident dies, Krusty retires after he's offended by a comedy cable channel roast of him, and Lisa tries to protect Homer from getting hurt.
	Top Words: ['krusty', 'cow man', 'don cow man', 'simpson simpson', 'don cow']

	Title: The Wreck of the Relationship
	Summary: When Bart disrespects Homer's authority, Homer makes a point to try his hand at parenting. This proves fruitless, so Marge signs them up for the Relation Ship, where they'll resolve their conflicts at sea. Meanwhile, Marge is in charge of Homer's fantasy football league, but manages to win despite being the underdog.
	Top Words: ['broccoli', 'eat broccoli', 'fantasy football', 'fantasy', 'relation']

	Title: Super Franchise Me
	Summary: Marge makes sandwiches for the Kids at Springfield Elementary, and they are such a success that she decides to open a franchise sandwich store, but running a store proves to be quite difficult, especially when another store opens across the street.
	Top Words: ['want want', 'want want want', 'sandwiches', 'sandwich', 'franchise']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXV
	Summary: In a Halloween-theme episode Bart reads Aramaic symbols from the bottom of his desk and he and Lisa are transported to an alternate world filled with demons. Also, Moe organizes a "Clockwork Orange"-ish gang in which member Dum (Homer) falls for a young lady (Marge) who wants him to quit. In a homage to "The Others", the Simpsons reconnect with their earlier incarnations from the Tracey Ullman era.
	Top Words: ['dum', 'carlton', 'penal', 'whoosh', 'whooshing']

	Title: Opposites A-frack
	Summary: Lisa brings in assembly woman Maxine Lombard to put a stop to Mr. Burns' fracking operation, but is taken aback when the two political opponents find themselves attracted to one another.
	Top Words: ['fracking', 'judge judge', 'judge', 'sad sad sad', 'sad sad']

	Title: Simpsorama
	Summary: The Planet Express crew travels through time & space to Springfield from the year 3000 because Bender is convinced he must hug one of the Simpsons in order to save the future.
	Top Words: ['bender', 'capsule', 'ding', 'ding ding', 'future']

	Title: Blazed And Confused
	Summary: Bart matches wits with a new school bully... his new teacher Mr Lassen. Meanwhile, Marge regrets putting Homer in charge of finding a location of their camping trip.
	Top Words: ['blazing', 'camping', 'teacher', 'tent', 'ocd']

	Title: Covercraft
	Summary: Homer has a mid-life crisis, takes up bass guitar and forms a cover band with some of the other dads in town. But the band's modest early success is soon overwhelmed by the breakout potential of their most unlikely star, Apu.
	Top Words: ['hopin', 'apu', 'band', 'yoko', 'bass']

	Title: I Won't Be Home for Christmas
	Summary: After Moe convinces Homer to stay out drinking on Christmas Eve, Marge tells Homer not to come home. This leads to Homer's sad trek through lonely Springfield, where he learns that the only place where one should truly get drunk on Christmas is home.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'christmas eve', 'eve', 'oh groans oh', 'groans oh groans']

	Title: The Man Who Came to Be Dinner
	Summary: During a trip to "Dizzneeland" the Simpsons board the wrong ride, Rocket To Your Doom, and are transported through the galaxy to Kang and Kodos' home planet, where they are held captive at the local zoo and the inhabitants decide to eat Homer.
	Top Words: ['bug', 'riding', 'oh oh oh', 'species', 'glaze']

	Title: Bart's New Friend
	Summary: Homer goes to a hypnotist and ends up believing he is ten years old. However, when the hypnotist dies, Homer becomes stuck in his new age, so he bonds with Bart and refuses entry back into the responsibilities of adulthood.
	Top Words: ['golly', 'sven', 'boing', 'circus', 'hypnotist']

	Title: The Musk Who Fell to Earth
	Summary: When inventor Elon Musk lands in Springfield, he and Homer become fast friends and revolutionize the town's nuclear plant. But when Musk goes overboard and Mr. Burns wants him removed, Homer must figure out a way to break up with him.
	Top Words: ['elon', 'musk', 'elon musk', 'let children', 'suggestion']

	Title: Walking Big & Tall
	Summary: When Lisa learns Springfield's anthem was stolen from another town she writes a replacement. Meanwhile, Homer learns the meaning of "Wide Pride".
	Top Words: ['song', 'albert', 'crowd', 'anthem', 'write']

	Title: My Fare Lady
	Summary: When Marge gets fed up with the thankless duty of chauffeuring her kids around, she begins working as a driver for a transportation app service. Meanwhile, Homer bankrupts Moe when he watches over the bar for one night, which forces Moe to take a temporary job as a janitor at the nuclear plant.
	Top Words: ['synthesized', 'left left left', 'left left', 'blipping', 'moe']

	Title: The Princess Guide
	Summary: Homer is put in charge of keeping Princess Kemi out of trouble while her father, a Nigerian king, works out a uranium deal with Mr. Burns. When Kemi ends up at Moe's, Moe jumps to the conclusion that she must be related to the Nigerian prince who scammed him over email and schemes to get his money back. But much to his surprise, he finds himself falling for the princess.
	Top Words: ['princess', 'virgin', 'african', 'nigerian', 'good night']

	Title: Sky Police
	Summary: Chief Wiggum is mistakenly delivered a military jet pack, which he gleefully accepts and uses in order to fight crime. But when the jet pack crashes into the church, the congregation, led by Marge, must resort to gambling and counting cards in order to collect money to repair the church.
	Top Words: ['casino', 'revue', 'church', 'counting', 'sky']

	Title: Waiting For Duffman
	Summary: When Duffman undergoes hip replacement surgery and retires, the company sets up a reality show competition to find his replacement. Homer wins the competition, and because the job requires him to stay sober, he learns that beer isn't as necessary as he thought to have a good time.
	Top Words: ['duffman', 'duff', 'beer', 'drink', 'drink drink']

	Title: Peeping Mom
	Summary: Bart lies about being involved in a bulldozer crash, so Marge decides to follow him everywhere until he confesses. Meanwhile, Homer ignores Santa's Little Helper when Flanders gets a new dog.
	Top Words: ['bulldozer', 'hello good', 'baz', 'flanders', 'dog']

	Title: The Kids Are All Fight
	Summary: When Homer gets an old film roll developed, the family takes a trip down memory lane to see the origins of how Bart and Lisa first started fighting with each other.
	Top Words: ['round round', 'oh oh oh', 'big dog', 'round round round', 'kids right']

	Title: Let's Go Fly a Coot
	Summary: The Simpsons learn about Grampa's days in the Air Force, and Bart takes up smoking to impress Milhouse's Dutch cousin, Annika.
	Top Words: ['dutch', 'birthday', 'birthdays', 'mach', 'sunny']

	Title: Bull-E
	Summary: After Bart gets bullied at the school dance, Marge convinces the town to pass anti-bullying legislation. Homer then gets arrested and sent to rehab for bullying Ned Flanders, only to subsequently leave rehab as a hero.
	Top Words: ['bully', 'hero', 'lucky', 'vacuuming', 'bullies']

	Title: Mathlete's Feat
	Summary: When a modernized Springfield Elementary has a technical meltdown, Lisa transforms it into a Waldorf school. Meanwhile, Groundskeeper Willie becomes the coach of the mathletes.
	Top Words: ['morty', 'tap tap', 'math', 'willie', 'tap tap tap']



Season 27
	Title: Every Man's Dream
	Summary: Homer is diagnosed with narcolepsy - but instead of returning home with his prescription medication - he returns home drunk. He and Marge visit a marriage counselor and have a trial separation, during which Homer begins dating a 20 something.
	Top Words: ['wonderful wonderful', 'wonderful world', 'whoa whoa whoa', 'whoa whoa', 'wonderful']

	Title: Cue Detective
	Summary: Scotty Boom, a Chew Network super-chef, challenges Homer to a smoke-off. But when someone steals Homer's secret weapon - a smoker he bought off a mysterious man at a BBQ shack - Lisa and Bart are on the case.
	Top Words: ['smoker', 'scotty', 'hot hot', 'hot hot hot', 'stink']

	Title: Puffless
	Summary: Upon learning that their father really died of lung cancer, Selma and Patty agree to quit smoking. When Selma relapses, an angry Patty moves in with Marge and Homer.
	Top Words: ['walking walking', 'walking', 'ew ew', 'possum', 'ew ew ew']

	Title: Halloween of Horror
	Summary: When Lisa becomes scared at the Krustyland Halloween Horror Night, Homer is forced to take down his Everscream Terrors decorations. Halloween pop-up employees seek vengeance on Homer for causing them to lose their jobs, and rob his house while Homer and Lisa hide out in the attic. Homer and Lisa light up their stored holiday decorations to attract attention and stand up to the intruders.
	Top Words: ['halloween', 'isn real', 'bleh bleh', 'bleh', 'real isn']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXVI
	Summary: In the annual fright fest Halloween episode, Sideshow Bob finally kills Bart, only to reanimate him; Homer wakes up with short-term memory loss; and Lisa, Bart, and Milhouse get super powers from radiation.
	Top Words: ['roaring', 'la la', 'la la la', 'la', 'foolish']

	Title: Friend with Benefit
	Summary: Lisa makes a new pal at school named Harper, whose internet billionaire father becomes buddies with a different Simpson: Homer. Soon, though, Lisa becomes worried that Harper is a little too entitled.
	Top Words: ['harper', 'chair', 'bam', 'bike', 'island']

	Title: Lisa with an 'S'
	Summary: When Homer loses $5,000 at a poker game with Broadway legend Laney Fontaine, the only way he is able to settle the bet is if he loans Lisa to Laney for a month. Then, Laney turns Lisa into a show biz kid and Marge and Homer fear they made a mistake letting her go. So they head to New York to get her back.
	Top Words: ['laney', 'tonight tonight', 'tonight', 'band camp', 'tonight ll']

	Title: Paths of Glory
	Summary: Lisa sets out to restore the tarnished reputation of Springfield's first female inventor. To find her invention, she scours an abandoned asylum and a restaurant that caters to men. Bart joins Lisa at the asylum, stealing one of the homicidal patient's notebooks, and bragging to the boys at school that he wrote the entries himself. This revelation causes Homer and Marge to believe he is a sociopath, which Bart decides to use to his advantage until things go too far.
	Top Words: ['amelia', 'sociopath', 'loom', 'diary', 'mumble']

	Title: Barthood
	Summary: Bart's coming of age story a la "Boyhood" chronicles his life from six years old to his time as an accomplished young man. Along the way, his tense relationship with Homer, an overly uncaring version of himself, and Lisa, who overshadows him in every way possible, shape Bart more than he realizes.
	Top Words: ['grampa', 'blam', 'blam blam', 'got gumption', 'gumption']

	Title: The Girl Code
	Summary: After a photo Marge posts on social media gets Homer fired, he returns to the best job he ever had, a dishwasher at a Greek restaurant. This same post inspires Lisa to code an app that predicts the real-life consequences of anything you post online, only to create sentient artificial intelligence.
	Top Words: ['conrad', 'app', 'greek', 'post', 'coders']

	Title: Teenage Mutant Milk-caused Hurdles
	Summary: There is a new teacher at Springfield Elementary, and a captivated Bart tries everything to win her over. Meanwhile, Homer decides to buy a new brand of "milk", which causes early puberty, both for Bart (augmenting his wooing powers) and Lisa (whose small bout with acne opens her up to the world of makeup and popularity).
	Top Words: ['milk', 'limit', 'teacher', 'carnegie hall', 'carnegie']

	Title: Much Apu About Something
	Summary: Sanjay passes his stake in the Kwik-E-Mart to his millennial son, Jay, who turns it into a hip, health food market against Apu's insistence on tradition. Bart, whom Homer had convinced to give up pranking, is called upon to return to his trickster life and take down the new store.
	Top Words: ['jamshed', 'parade', 'apu', 'statue', 'stereotype']

	Title: Love Is in the N2-O2-Ar-CO2-Ne-He-CH4
	Summary: Lonely Professor Fink uses science to turn himself into a man whom women find attractive. Then, overwhelmed by the attention, he invents an algorithm to perfectly pair the lonely men and women of Springfield, realizing that scientific exploration is his true love. Meanwhile, Marge, Bart, and Lisa visit Grampa for Valentine's Day and try to rescue the old folks from a drug-induced hallucination that allows them to relive their happiest memories.
	Top Words: ['voice', 'deep sexy', 'mona', 'frink', 'valentine']

	Title: Gal of Constant Sorrow
	Summary: After Bart accidentally sends a sweet homeless woman's cart into the river, he allows her to live in his closet for a small fee. When Lisa discovers that the woman is an incredible folk singer, she offers her own closet and plans a concert, only to be disappointed by Hettie's surprising substance abuse and unhappy nature. Meanwhile Homer tries to prove he's handy, but accidentally traps the cat in the walls of the house.
	Top Words: ['handy', 'tile', 'handy man', 'started', 'boggs']

	Title: Lisa the Veterinarian
	Summary: After performing CPR on a tased raccoon, Lisa discovers her calling to be veterinarian and becomes an intern at the local office, but learns a tough lesson when her neglected class hamster dies. Meanwhile, Marge moonlights as a crime scene cleaner for a little extra money, and the trauma of the gory scenes make her increasingly dead inside.
	Top Words: ['nibbles', 'kramer', 'crime scene', 'budgie', 'dr budgie']

	Title: The Marge-ian Chronicles
	Summary: Not feeling unique, Lisa signs up for the Mars One Space Colony - to Marge's dismay. Then, Marge hires Bart to go through the tryout process with Lisa to make her want to quit.
	Top Words: ['mars', 'chickens', 'mission', 'eggs', 'barry']

	Title: The Burns Cage
	Summary: When Smithers is devastated by Burns' lack of affection towards him, Homer makes it his mission to find him a boyfriend. Meanwhile, after Bart orchestrates the removal of the lead in the school's stage production of "Casablanca", Milhouse serves as a terrible understudy, which frustrates his co-star, Lisa.
	Top Words: ['smithers', 'mr smithers', 'rick', 'burns', 'milhouse']

	Title: How Lisa Got Her Marge Back
	Summary: After getting into an argument, Marge takes Lisa on a touristy trip to Capital City, where, after attending a musical, they meet the show's star, Andrew Rannells, who reminds Lisa how lucky she is to have such a great mom. Meanwhile, Bart is frustrated that everyone expects his pranks, so he teams up with Maggie to trick people.
	Top Words: ['rain parade', 'parade', 'happily', 'capital city', 'jazz']

	Title: Fland Canyon
	Summary: Homer recalls a tense family vacation to the Grand Canyon with the Flanders family. At first, the Flanders' perfection puts the families at odds, but when they get stranded and Ned and Bart go for help, the families finally bond.
	Top Words: ['da da', 'da da da', 'da', 'canyon', 'grand canyon']

	Title: To Courier With Love
	Summary: After promising Marge the trip of a lifetime, frugality gets the better of Homer when he makes a deal with a travel agent to be a courier of a top-secret briefcase in exchange for a discounted family vacation to Paris.
	Top Words: ['snake', 'marco', 'paris', 'package', 'briefcase']

	Title: Simprovised
	Summary: After butchering a speech in front of all of his friends at work, Homer turns to improv comedy to gain back his confidence in his public speaking skills. Meanwhile, Marge decides to rebuild Bart's lackluster treehouse, but tensions rise when Bart questions her building skills. Also, in the episode's last three minutes, Homer appears LIVE for the first time on television (both for East and West Coast broadcasts) to answer fan questions.
	Top Words: ['improv', 'treehouse', 'cajun', 'drip', 'flop']

	Title: Orange is the New Yellow
	Summary: When Marge gets arrested for letting Bart go to the park unsupervised, she serves time only to realize that prison is a welcome break from the demands of her life as a mom and wife. In her absence, Homer struggles to manage all of the parenting responsibilities that Marge usually handles.
	Top Words: ['prison', 'plumb', 'prison break', '90 days', 'bob']



Season 28
	Title: Monty Burns' Fleeing Circus
	Summary: After Springfield's latest disaster, Mr. Burns has a condition for the citizens before he finances rebuilding.
	Top Words: ['rebuild', 'lard lad', 'arnold palmer', 'tha', 'palmer']

	Title: Friends and Family
	Summary: Mr. Burns hires the Simpsons to play his live-in virtual reality family, but excludes Homer so that he may play dad. Now alone, Homer finds a new best friend in girl-next-door Julia, who eats, drinks and thinks like him.
	Top Words: ['feel free', 'anger issues', 'julia', 'pornography', 'virtual']

	Title: The Town
	Summary: After Homer catches Bart rooting for Springfield's football rival, the Boston Americans, he plans a family "hate-cation" trip to Boston in an attempt to show Bart that Boston is a terrible city.
	Top Words: ['boston', 'la la la', 'la la', 'la', 'shipping boston']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXVI
	Summary: Better late than never, The Hunger Games come to Springfield!
	Top Words: ['rachel', 'imaginary friend', 'imaginary', 'steely', 'steely dan']

	Title: Trust But Clarify
	Summary: Lisa and Bart investigate Krusty's suspicious new "Krustaceans" candy. Meanwhile, Homer wants a promotion at the nuclear plant and asks Marge to help him dress the part, and news anchor Kent Brockman struggles to find his feet in the changing media world.
	Top Words: ['kent', 'brockman', 'kent brockman', 'tibor', 'krusty']

	Title: There Will Be Buds
	Summary: Homer gets roped into coaching the kids' lacrosse team with Milhouse's dad, Kirk, who is in desperate need of a friend. When Kirk gets too clingy, Homer vents about how much of a loser he is. Kirk overhears his rant and disappears, right when the team needs him most: the championship game.
	Top Words: ['kirk', 'coach', 'lacrosse', 'buddy', 'football']

	Title: Havana Wild Weekend
	Summary: When the Retirement Castle and the V.A. Hospital can't solve Grampa's health issues, the Simpsons decide to take a family trip to Cuba to get him cheap medical care.
	Top Words: ['cuba', 'cuban', 'vulture', 'cuban music', 'cigars']

	Title: Dad Behavior
	Summary: Homer finds a new app that makes his life much easier and outsources his father-son bonding. Meanwhile, Grampa finds that he is about to be a father again.
	Top Words: ['theme music', 'theme music stops', 'allen wrench', 'dirty work', 'theme']

	Title: The Last Traction Hero
	Summary: A workplace accident leaves Homer in a cast, and in a position to sue Mr. Burns. This leaves Marge unfulfilled, so she turns to an unexpected source for romance. Meanwhile, Lisa is made "Bus Monitor" and tries to keep the peace.
	Top Words: ['oh oh oh', 'oh oh', 'mr big', 'smithers', 'burns']

	Title: The Nightmare After Krustmas
	Summary: Krusty tries to impress his daughter as they spend Christmas with the Simpsons. Meanwhile, Reverend Lovejoy seeks converts after church attendance plummets, and Maggie is haunted by a spooky Christmas toy.
	Top Words: ['pray pray', 'pray', 'christmas', 'sophie', 'christian']

	Title: Pork & Burns
	Summary: When Marge becomes obsessed with a Japanese style of living, the Simpsons must part with any item that no longer brings them joy. For Homer, this means finding a new home for the family pig. For Lisa, it means saying goodbye to her beloved sax.
	Top Words: ['joy', 'pig', 'joy joy', 'spider pig', 'anxiety']

	Title: The Great Phatsby (Part One & Two)
	Summary: Mr. Burns tries to relive his glory days and crosses paths with a mysterious music mogul. After being conned by him and reduced to bankruptcy, Mr. Burns seeks revenge on the music producer with the help of Homer, Bart, rapper Jazzy James and the mogul's ex-wife, Praline.
	Top Words: ['jay', 'burns', 'lot money', 'mr burns', 'rap']

	Title: Fatzcarraldo
	Summary: When all the fast food restaurants in Springfield become healthy, Homer turns to the last bastion of greasy food for comfort - and digs up some childhood memories along the way. Meanwhile, Lisa must find a good news story when the future of her school radio station is in jeopardy.
	Top Words: ['hot dog', 'caboose', 'beep beep beep', 'hot', 'beep beep']

	Title: The Cad and the Hat
	Summary: When Bart betrays Lisa, he has to deal with his guilt - literally. Meanwhile, Springfield is in awe when Homer is revealed to be a chess savant.
	Top Words: ['chess', 'fight fight', 'fight fight fight', 'play chess', 'hat']

	Title: Kamp Krustier
	Summary: When Bart and Lisa return home abruptly after a traumatic incident at Kamp Krustier, they put an end to Homer and Marge's romantic encounters. Without sex to distract him, Homer becomes a more productive worker and caring husband, but Marge misses the old Homer. Then, Bart and Lisa return to camp to confront the source of their trauma.
	Top Words: ['kamp', 'kamp krusty', 'camp', 'cookie', 'vest']

	Title: 22 for 30
	Summary: In this parody of a cable sports show, Bart goes from delinquent with detention to the star basketball player at Springfield Elementary. Lisa covers Bart's success for the school paper, and Homer becomes the team's coach. Things go awry when Bart gets involved with the mafia.
	Top Words: ['fat tony', 'basketball', 'tony', 'team', 'fat']

	Title: A Father's Watch
	Summary: Worried that Bart is destined for failure, Marge turns to a series of parenting "experts" for advice. Homer decides to cash in on one expert's advice by opening up a trophy store in Springfield. Meanwhile, Bart finds some needed encouragement from Grampa, who gives him a precious watch coveted by Homer.
	Top Words: ['trophies', 'trophy', 'best gonna', 'gonna best', 'self esteem']

	Title: Caper Chase
	Summary: Disappointed in Yale, Mr. Burns decides to start his own for-profit university and Homer is hired as a professor.
	Top Words: ['boola', 'boola boola', 'nuclear', 'great teacher', 'college']

	Title: Looking for Mr. Goodbart
	Summary: Bart gets in trouble on Grandparents Day at school and is forced to hang out with Skinner's mother as punishment. After spending time with various grandmas in the neighborhood, he learns the benefits of hanging out with the elderly, but eventually recognizes the dangers of taking advantage of them. Meanwhile, Peekimon Get has taken over the town of Springfield.
	Top Words: ['gigolo', 'got got got', 'got got', 'piss', 'game']

	Title: Moho House
	Summary: Homer and Marge attempt to work on their marriage, not knowing that Mr. Burns and Nigel have a bet on whether Nigel can break them apart. With the successful, albeit unconventional, help of Moe, the couple gets back their mojo.
	Top Words: ['nigel', 'moe', 'wager', 'midge', 'wife']

	Title: Dogtown
	Summary: When Homer's court case determines that a dog's life is more valuable than a human's is, the status of man's best friend rises in Springfield. When the dogs recognize their new position of power, they assert their dominance over the humans.
	Top Words: ['gil', 'gil gil', 'gil gil gil', 'dog', 'dogs']



Season 29
	Title: The Serfsons
	Summary: In a magical medieval world, Marge's mother is turned into an Ice Walker and the only way for Homer to afford the cure is to force Lisa to use illegal magic. When the King discovers this, he kidnaps Lisa, and Homer must lead a feudal uprising to save her.
	Top Words: ['mm', 'dragon', 'amulet', 'mm mm', 'bliss']

	Title: Springfield Splendor
	Summary: Marge and Lisa turn Lisa's sad experience into a successful graphic novel-turned-Broadway show, but they struggle with creative differences and ego.
	Top Words: ['sharpie', 'sad', 'collaboration', 'ack', 'panel']

	Title: Whistler's Father
	Summary: Homer discovers that Maggie is a whistling savant and launches her baby-celebrity career. Meanwhile, Marge impresses Fat Tony with her interior design taste, and he hires her to style his brothel.
	Top Words: ['whistling', 'peek boo', 'whistles', 'peek', 'arpeggios']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXVIII
	Summary: Maggie becomes possessed by an ancient demon, Lisa discovers a creepy/perfect version of her family in an alternate universe and Homer cannibalizes himself.
	Top Words: ['demonic', 'ate', 'button', 'finger', 'button eyes']

	Title: Grampy Can Ya Hear Me
	Summary: Grampa gets a hearing aid and finally hears what everyone has been saying about him. Meanwhile, Mr. Skinner discovers that his mother has kept the ultimate secret from him.
	Top Words: ['grampa', 'hans moleman', 'hans', 'moleman', 'letter']

	Title: The Old Blue Mayor She Ain't What She Used to Be
	Summary: Frustrated with the local government, Marge decides to run for Mayor. To win public support, she begins making Homer the butt of her jokes.
	Top Words: ['mayor', 'monorail', 'er', 'crowd', 'monorail monorail']

	Title: Singin' in the Lane
	Summary: Homer and the guys reunite their old bowling team to cheer up Moe, only to end up in fierce competition with a team of arrogant millionaires. Meanwhile, Lisa and Marge try to teach Bart that money isn't everything.
	Top Words: ['boys town', 'courtside', 'courtside seats', 'moe', 'win']

	Title: Mr. Lisa's Opus
	Summary: As future Lisa writes her college application essay for Harvard, she recalls past disappointing birthdays that helped shape her.
	Top Words: ['birthday', 'happy birthday', 'hubert', 'lisa birthday', 'robotic voice']

	Title: Gone Boy
	Summary: When Bart goes missing, the town puts together a search party to find him. After most give up hope, Sideshow Bob manipulates Millhouse into revealing where Bart is hiding.
	Top Words: ['bob', 'calvin', 'missile', 'dave', 'rental']

	Title: Haw-Haw Land
	Summary: When the Simpsons go to a STEM conference, Lisa falls for a crooning jazz pianist named Brendan. Meanwhile, Bart discovers that he has an affinity for chemistry.
	Top Words: ['ba', 'oh oh oh', 'ba ba', 'haw', 'haw haw haw']

	Title: Frink Gets Testy
	Summary: Mr. Burns will build a doomsday ark after he believes that the end of the world is near when he sees an old Orson Welles show about Nostradamus. Meanwhile, Professor Frink comes up with a new way of testing everyone in Springfield after Burns wants a test to determine who should go on a spaceship with him.
	Top Words: ['test', 'ralph', 'ark', 'hi ralph', 'handwriting']

	Title: Homer Is Where the Art Isn't
	Summary: When Homer is accused of stealing a million-dollar painting, only a detective from the 1970s can clear his name, or send him to jail. It's a classic impossible mystery.
	Top Words: ['painting', 'million', 'art', 'million million', 'museum']

	Title: 3 Scenes plus a Tag from a Marriage
	Summary: Homer and Marge recount the story of their transition from loving their life without kids to being miserable parents.
	Top Words: ['num', 'dink', 'num num', 'hi hi hi', 'hi hi']

	Title: Fears of a Clown
	Summary: Everybody is now horrified of clowns after Bart's prank using clown masks, which also causes Krusty to lose his job. He attempts a comeback as a dramatic actor in the play "The Salesman's Bad Day", with Llewellyn Sinclair as his director.
	Top Words: ['salesman', 'bombardment', 'flip', 'karate', 'retiring']

	Title: No Good Read Goes Unpunished
	Summary: In an attempt to bring the family together, Marge forces everyone to hand in their electronics and take a trip to a book store.
	Top Words: ['book', 'clara', 'books', 'heloise', 'moans']

	Title: King Leer
	Summary: Homer and Marge follow Moe after the bar closes early and discover him and his father fighting. The Simpsons, after finding out that Moe has been excommunicated from his family for years, attempt to bring them back together.
	Top Words: ['mattress', 'mattresses', 'moe', 'say told', 'szyslak']

	Title: Lisa Gets the Blues
	Summary: When the Simpsons' flight to Gainesville gets re-routed to New Orleans, Lisa is forced to face her failures, and regain her confidence as a jazz musician. Meanwhile, Bart is intrigued by the voodoo in Louisiana, and Homer is intrigued by the drinking.
	Top Words: ['po', 'passengers', 'yips', 'jazz', 'new orleans']

	Title: Forgive and Regret
	Summary: Grampa makes a confession to Homer while on his deathbed. After his recovery, he comes to realize that this issue will not be easy to reconcile.
	Top Words: ['recipes', 'cinnamon', 'derby', 'grampa', 'demolition derby']

	Title: Left Behind
	Summary: Homer gets Flanders a job at the plant, and he soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished when Flanders starts to insist on carpools and demands more from Homer's work performance. Meanwhile, Marge feels as though their marriage has lost its spark.
	Top Words: ['date night', 'ned', 'flanders', 'pray', 'teacher']

	Title: Throw Grampa from the Dane
	Summary: After receiving an insurance payout, the Simpsons go to Denmark, so Grampa can benefit from the country's free healthcare.
	Top Words: ['denmark', 'danish', 'country', 'health care', 'little mermaid']

	Title: Flanders' Ladder
	Summary: After getting struck by lightning, Bart receives visits from ghosts, who want closure only he can provide.
	Top Words: ['refresh', 'refresh refresh', 'dead dead', 'dead dead dead', 'dead']



Season 30
	Title: Bart's Not Dead
	Summary: Bart takes a dare, and ends up in the hospital. To cover for himself and Homer, he says he went to Heaven and met Jesus. Christian producers offer the Simpsons a movie deal, which Homer takes. But Bart can't deal with the guilt and comes clean to Marge after the movie is finished.
	Top Words: ['dare', 'jesus', 'diddly', 'lies', 'worse worse']

	Title: Heartbreak Hotel
	Summary: Marge and Homer's marriage is tested when they travel to a tropical island to compete for a million dollars on Marge's favorite reality competition show.
	Top Words: ['mango', 'amazing', 'bray', 'stowaway', 'tag']

	Title: My Way or the Highway to Heaven
	Summary: God and St. Peter contemplate what merits a soul getting into heaven, while citizens of Springfield remember their divine encounters.
	Top Words: ['dead end', 'heaven', 'bob', 'french', 'flanders']

	Title: Treehouse of Horror XXIX
	Summary: Homer wins an oyster-eating contest against the mythical Cthulhu, Springfield is overrun by plant body-snatchers, Lisa finally snaps and Mr. Burns opens a retirement home with some Jurassic upgrades.
	Top Words: ['ha', 'pod', 'mm mm', 'ha ha', 'barrier reef']

	Title: Baby You Can't Drive My Car
	Summary: A self-driving car company comes to Springfield, poaching all of the power plant employees with their fun work environment.
	Top Words: ['alexa', 'cars', 'log log', 'self driving', 'driving']

	Title: From Russia Without Love
	Summary: On a mission to play hardcore pranks, Bart, Nelson and Milhouse get Moe a mail-order bride on the Dark Web.
	Top Words: ['moe', 'ana', 'russian', 'ima', 'mail order']

	Title: Werking Mom
	Summary: Marge wants a job, and stumbles into becoming a plastic food storage container-selling drag queen. Meanwhile, Lisa tries to make the world better in the style of "Amelie".
	Top Words: ['narrator', 'french', 'drag', 'narrator lisa', 'drag queen']

	Title: Krusty the Clown
	Summary: Homer finds his calling as a TV recapper, but his harsh grading causes a brawl with Krusty. After almost killing Homer, Krusty hides out at a real circus, and finds happiness there.
	Top Words: ['circus', 'soggy', 'clown', 'krusty', 'tv']

	Title: Daddicus Finch
	Summary: Lisa and Homer's bond gets stronger when they start spending real quality time together, and Bart feels neglected. So Marge tries to help Homer balance his attention between the kids.
	Top Words: ['dukes', 'hero', 'mockingbird', 'green green', 'bup']

	Title: 'Tis the 30th Season
	Summary: After a failed Black Friday shopping spree, Marge is determined to fix Christmas. However, Homer and the kids surprise Marge with a vacation to a Florida resort.
	Top Words: ['christmas', 'smart', 'tv', 'notches', 'toilet flushes']

	Title: Mad About the Toy
	Summary: When Marge and Homer leave Grampa to babysit the kids, some little green army men trigger a PTSD episode, sending the family on a journey to Grampa's past to when he was a post-war toy model.
	Top Words: ['doo doo', 'doo doo doo', 'doo', 'texas', 'philip']

	Title: The Girl on the Bus
	Summary: When Lisa spots a new best friend from the window of the bus, she gets a taste of what life could be like with a different, more cultured family, and proceeds to try and live a double life.
	Top Words: ['suck', 'suck suck', 'chemist', 'bus', 'jab']

	Title: I'm Dancing as Fat as I Can
	Summary: Homer angers Marge by binging their favorite show without her, and has to pick up a new skill in order to make amends. Meanwhile, Bart prepares to compete in "Krusty's Holiday Trample".
	Top Words: ['julia', 'spooky music', 'netflix', 'spooky', 'just desserts']

	Title: The Clown Stays in the Picture
	Summary: Krusty reveals the untold story of his past in his movie "The Sands of Space". While working as personal assistants on the movie, Bart and Lisa learn about the early years of their parents' relationship.
	Top Words: ['movie', 'krusty', 'sands', 'lizard', 'crew']

	Title: 101 Mitigations
	Summary: Homer steals Comic Book Guy's car and must either prove his innocence in court or reconcile with him.
	Top Words: ['comic', 'chitty', 'del toro', 'toro', 'godzilla']

	Title: I Want You (She's So Heavy)
	Summary: When a romantic night ends in injury, Marge recovers by taking up kite boarding while Homer bonds with his hallucinated hernia; Lisa attempts to fix her parents' strained relationship by seeking advice from an unlikely source.
	Top Words: ['hernia', 'turtles', 'left right', 'revs tires screech', 'engine revs']

	Title: E My Sports
	Summary: As Bart begins to excel in video game competitions, Homer discovers a passion for coaching him; Lisa attempts to bring Homer back to reality, but the plan causes chaos.
	Top Words: ['south korea', 'korea', 'game', 'tournament', 'live live']

	Title: Bart vs. Itchy & Scratchy
	Summary: Krusty releases an all-female reboot of "Itchy and Scratchy", so Bart and his crew of all-male friends decide to boycott the show. After Bart's friends turn on him for laughing at the reboot, Bart joins a woke group of sixth-grade girls who commit crimes against patriarchy.
	Top Words: ['ch', 'ch ch', 'ch ch ch', 'itchy scratchy', 'itchy']

	Title: Girl's in the Band
	Summary: Homer works extra shifts at the plant so Lisa can play in the Capitol City Philharmonic.
	Top Words: ['ocho', 'talent', 'night shift', 'ow ow', 'shift']

	Title: I'm Just a Girl Who Can't Say D'oh
	Summary: Marge becomes director of Springfield's local theater, armed with Lisa's script resembling "Hamilton"; Homer joins a baby class with Maggie, and he takes a liking to supervisor Chloe.
	Top Words: ['jebediah', 'jebediah springfield', 'wiggle', 'director', 'worm']

	Title: D'oh Canada
	Summary: Lisa is mistakenly given political asylum in Canada during a family trip to Niagara Falls.
	Top Words: ['points', 'canada', 'upstate new', 'upstate new york', 'upstate']

	Title: Woo-Hoo Dunnit
	Summary: The documentary crime series "Deadline Springfield" goes in-depth to solve the case of Lisa's missing college fund.
	Top Words: ['narrator', 'foot foot', '911', 'operator', 'innocent']

	Title: Crystal Blue-Haired Persuasion
	Summary: Marge starts a business selling healing crystals to the naive mothers of Springfield when Homer's work cuts children's health-care benefits, leading Marge to use the crystals as a cheaper solution for Bart's ADD.
	Top Words: ['crystals', 'kiosk', 'crystal', 'healing', 'meds']



